dev_loginname	proj_unixname	is_admin	position
apierantonio	a-s-m	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
durdanovic	a-s-m	0	Developer
haussf	a-s-m	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
isaacbob	a-s-m	0	Developer
matthiasanlauff	a-s-m	1	Project Manager
pwkutter	a-s-m	1	Project Manager
zijiang91	a-s-m	0	No specific role
a3dge_mac	a3dge	0	Doc Writer
niunio	a3dge	1	No specific role
kencochrane	a4j	1	No specific role
lmccay	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
mothyjules	aaa4avalon	0	Developer
paul-h	aaa4avalon	0	Developer
rwwallace	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
mlipp	aac-xforms	1	Project Manager
macbishop	aaio	1	No specific role
mantask	aamon	1	No specific role
psoleni	aamon	1	Developer
agathos	aba	1	Project Manager
tobiaseberle	aba	1	Developer
abaguidev1	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abaguidev3	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abaguidev4	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
jnfleisc	abat	1	No specific role
paulrosen	abcp	0	No specific role
rdentato	abcp	1	Developer
thistledowne	abcp	1	No specific role
pradox	abcwebclient	1	Developer
flexer	abele	1	No specific role
michelg	abkit	1	No specific role
avicalev	absolutex	1	No specific role
avinoam	absolutex	0	No specific role
guyb	absolutex	0	No specific role
krasner	absolutex	0	No specific role
lipatov	absolutex	0	No specific role
oranb	absolutex	0	No specific role
rotem	absolutex	0	No specific role
zigfried	absolutex	1	No specific role
zuchman	absolutex	0	No specific role
justinrudd	abstractadonet	1	No specific role
lennartgr	abstractdb	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	abstractdb-php	1	No specific role
cpp_programmer	abxlib	0	Developer
neuralx	abxlib	1	Project Manager
witzeldev	abxlib	1	No specific role
gborrelli2006	abyssstudio	1	No specific role
agilejava	acai	0	No specific role
bitiboy	acai	1	No specific role
superbible_cs	acai	0	No specific role
yinming528	acassist	1	No specific role
nwinkler	accessmodifier	1	Project Manager
pthaz	accessroad	1	No specific role
theplanet	accountguard	1	Developer
rblaze	ace-freebsd	1	All-Hands Person
alexagr	ace-radius	1	No specific role
djeeg	aceginet	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
yljia	acfproj	1	No specific role
abrager	acid	0	Developer
ebf	acid	1	Project Manager
jaschau	acid3lib	1	Project Manager
aenarionita	ackronic	1	No specific role
marcmenghin	acmdoc	1	Project Manager
markusplangg	acmdoc	1	Developer
ashishg55	acmgr	1	No specific role
dchang_ca	acmgr	1	Developer
acmx	acmx	1	Developer
a_sauerhoefer	acrypt	1	No specific role
ezequieljadib	acs-nh	1	Developer
gartland	acsf	1	No specific role
p_lafraise	actionfactory	1	Developer
t_chevalier	actionfactory	1	Project Manager
ptoman	actionframework	1	No specific role
nphelps	active-jms	1	Developer
activebpel	activebpel	1	No specific role
activegrid	activegrid	1	All-Hands Person
bethf	activegrid	0	Content Management
geremycohen	activegrid	1	Support Manager
jdhare	activegrid	0	Developer
mattmcnulty	activegrid	0	Developer
psmehta	activegrid	0	Tester
stoens	activegrid	0	Developer
wmschott	activegrid	0	No specific role
ajcompany	activelock	0	No specific role
davidweatherall	activelock	0	Developer
dwains102	activelock	0	Developer
farcasclaudiu	activelock	1	Project Manager
ialkan	activelock	1	Project Manager
tkuchel	activelock	1	Project Manager
akhe	activex	1	Project Manager
floydprice	activexp	1	Project Manager
garyz	activexp	1	No specific role
nrushforth	activexp	1	Project Manager
acti_solutions	activscm	1	No specific role
theglasswalker	actualizer	1	No specific role
zmower	ada-gerbil	1	No specific role
knuthp	ada2gxl	1	No specific role
tsetem	adaparse	1	No specific role
file13	adaprojet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nahaj	adaprojet	1	Project Manager
netstat	adaptivebus	1	No specific role
cminyard	adasl	1	No specific role
dougfort	addanc	1	All-Hands Person
joegriffin	addanc	1	Project Manager
apiou	adgali	1	Project Manager
breadcrust	adjustimg	1	No specific role
moonfann	adkp	1	Developer
wshin	admiral	1	Project Manager
blogger	adodbapi	0	Developer
ekelund	adodbapi	1	Project Manager
kf7xm	adodbapi	1	Project Manager
swildermuth	adonetpack	1	No specific role
gldneagl	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
nmarkgraf	adtalgorlibrary	0	No specific role
roundthecorner	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
damato	adtools	1	Project Manager
fta	adtools	0	Doc Writer
gilfanon	adtools	0	Developer
gnikl	adtools	0	Developer
hfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
marcus_c	adtools	0	Developer
michalsc	adtools	0	Developer
nicomen	adtools	0	Developer
obarthel	adtools	1	Developer
offa	adtools	0	Developer
tactica	adtools	0	All-Hands Person
tfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
theantony	adtools	1	Developer
yabba	adtools	1	Developer
mbass	adurant	1	Developer
timhill	advancedvbrefs	1	No specific role
paninaro	advas	1	No specific role
chcha	advpy	1	No specific role
ward99	aeclients	1	Project Manager
marko_schuetz	aegis	0	Developer
pmiller	aegis	1	No specific role
wfranzini	aegis	0	Developer
ciphersoftware	aeongdk	1	Developer
colsystems	aeongdk	0	Developer
dosbert	aeongdk	1	Developer
joe_programmer	aeongdk	0	Developer
ndavies	aeongdk	1	Project Manager
jeffcamozzi	aep	1	No specific role
aepryus	aeputil	1	No specific role
red0x	aeslib	1	No specific role
agalimberti	afc	1	No specific role
fsoft	afc	1	No specific role
paul_afcommerce	afcommerce	1	Developer
ownthebox	affinityos	1	Project Manager
axelchen	afkcfg	1	No specific role
m0rt	afkcfg	0	Developer
afsoft	afphpclasslib	1	No specific role
ivelin	aft	0	No specific role
jeff_turner	aft	1	No specific role
ovidiu	aft	1	No specific role
wanderingwalrus	aft	0	No specific role
wkeese	aft	0	Developer
beders	afterthought	1	Project Manager
hsprabhu	afterthought	0	Developer
armel	afupdevphp	0	Developer
nhoizey	afupdevphp	1	No specific role
ccoquand	agda	1	Developer
ikegamidaisuke	agda	1	Developer
mbenke	agda	1	Developer
miyahara-n	agda	0	Web Designer
n-kato	agda	1	No specific role
p1738j	agda	1	No specific role
t-seino	agda	1	Developer
toons_osgi	age-osgi	1	No specific role
fcristini	agelib	1	No specific role
agent009	agentacademy	0	Tester
asymeon	agentacademy	1	Developer
diok	agentacademy	1	Developer
dtektonidis	agentacademy	0	Tester
evariste_galois	agentacademy	1	Developer
evgobal	agentacademy	0	Tester
felix007	agentacademy	1	Developer
ionathan	agentacademy	0	Developer
kyrcha	agentacademy	0	Tester
rmatech	agentacademy	1	Developer
siyamed	agentacademy	1	Developer
vivia	agentacademy	0	Developer
yildiray	agentacademy	0	Developer
venturimi	agentejade	1	No specific role
chien_andalusia	agentfactory	0	Developer
conormuldoon	agentfactory	1	Developer
donalokane	agentfactory	0	Developer
gorgon007	agentfactory	0	Developer
inexplicable	agentfactory	0	Developer
ishnid	agentfactory	1	Developer
johnbradley	agentfactory	0	Developer
remcollier	agentfactory	1	Project Manager
robertrossucd	agentfactory	1	No specific role
tlowen	agentfactory	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
finsss	agfupx	1	No specific role
x10gimli	agiletrack	1	No specific role
arntr	agilis	0	No specific role
paulrene	agilis	1	No specific role
chockenberry	agkit	1	No specific role
grnmn	agkit	1	No specific role
pmosimann	agnes	1	Project Manager
zones	agnes	1	No specific role
daviddeharbe	agraphs	1	No specific role
soundx	ahf	1	No specific role
abdennour	ai-standards	0	Developer
ai_giovanni_ia	ai-standards	0	No specific role
alexjc	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
arnokamphuis	ai-standards	0	Developer
athomasgoldberg	ai-standards	0	Developer
axelbuendia	ai-standards	0	Developer
axelrod	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
barbalet	ai-standards	0	Developer
bgeisler	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bimblewooooo	ai-standards	0	Developer
bknafla	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bmagerko	ai-standards	0	No specific role
brian_schwab	ai-standards	0	Developer
clinares	ai-standards	0	Developer
codemonkey_uk	ai-standards	0	Developer
cwreynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
dekosser	ai-standards	0	Developer
dposton	ai-standards	0	Developer
drainboy	ai-standards	0	Developer
dsuttles	ai-standards	0	Developer
dustsettles	ai-standards	0	No specific role
ebeeker	ai-standards	0	Developer
ejcoumans	ai-standards	0	Developer
eldon1660	ai-standards	0	Developer
fb-la-i	ai-standards	0	No specific role
fcs2001	ai-standards	0	Developer
funge	ai-standards	0	Developer
gpaull	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
hmunoz	ai-standards	0	Developer
hugo_ai	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
jakovo	ai-standards	0	No specific role
jdellaro	ai-standards	0	No specific role
jhancock93	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jjkelly	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jjmorrison	ai-standards	0	Developer
john-reynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
john_langford	ai-standards	0	Developer
jorkin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
justinhj	ai-standards	0	No specific role
kolenskim	ai-standards	0	No specific role
kudenko	ai-standards	0	Developer
lglover04	ai-standards	0	Developer
linn	ai-standards	0	Developer
martypoulin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
matbuckland	ai-standards	0	Developer
mchady	ai-standards	0	Developer
meshula	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
mnagaku	ai-standards	0	No specific role
nareyek	ai-standards	1	Project Manager
ncombs	ai-standards	0	Developer
neonai	ai-standards	0	Developer
noelstephens	ai-standards	0	Developer
owlboy	ai-standards	0	No specific role
pbdebyl	ai-standards	0	Developer
philgoetz	ai-standards	0	Developer
prieditis	ai-standards	0	Developer
samcalis	ai-standards	0	Developer
sjabth	ai-standards	0	No specific role
slowlearner	ai-standards	0	Developer
syrusm	ai-standards	0	Developer
tellarin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
vag_liv	ai-standards	0	No specific role
yapar	ai-standards	0	No specific role
yildirim	ai-standards	0	No specific role
dlewin	aiexp	1	No specific role
browner10	ailoom	1	Project Manager
nonchocoboy	ailoom	0	Developer
medshah	aipl	1	No specific role
palmalex	aisearch	1	No specific role
momat	aisoccer	1	Developer
mwerla	aisoccer	1	Project Manager
b0z0mind	ajax	0	Developer
gevely	ajax	0	Developer
ilits	ajax	0	Developer
vamp201	ajax	1	No specific role
ajaxcn	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
catherine_sf	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
gaoligaoli	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
hanbingxie	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
hbycchenxiao	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
joyistar	ajax-dev-lib	1	No specific role
snail0066	ajax-dev-lib	0	No specific role
testdll	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
venson	ajax-dev-lib	0	No specific role
xutao2811	ajax-dev-lib	0	No specific role
yuxiaoxu	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
zmyliyu	ajax-dev-lib	1	Project Manager
gustavo_amigo	ajax-pages	1	No specific role
stuart_fraser	ajax4one	1	Project Manager
robertall	ajaxcms	1	No specific role
ajaxforms	ajaxforms	1	No specific role
niewolski	ajaxgrid	1	No specific role
diego_zanga	ajaxrad	1	No specific role
hbomboes	ajaxstream	1	No specific role
hseeberger	ajeer	0	Developer
mlippert	ajeer	1	No specific role
mstoerzer	ajhsqldb	1	No specific role
ulreib	ajhsqldb	1	Developer
eboudrant	ajprofiler	1	Project Manager
aschuma	ajstruts	1	No specific role
cr0w	akarmi	0	Developer
dbeck	akarmi	1	All-Hands Person
inviscid	akorn	1	Project Manager
rea725	akorn	0	Project Manager
azidhouse	al4java	0	Developer
pepijnve	al4java	1	No specific role
geokronos	alabastra	1	No specific role
marco84	alabastra	1	Project Manager
gjmacd	alde	0	Developer
pmariusz	alde	1	Project Manager
tdesposito	alescere-engine	1	No specific role
avjewe	alexautils	1	No specific role
fcojrodriguez	alfrescon	1	No specific role
chol	algosatfreenode	0	No specific role
iolotusbobo	algosatfreenode	1	Project Manager
retzki	algosatfreenode	1	No specific role
rhee	algoview	1	No specific role
rogerflores	ali	1	No specific role
x3r0r	alibc	1	No specific role
tubinson	alibrowse	1	No specific role
knusty	alink2	1	Project Manager
saquirr	alink2	0	No specific role
wounded	alink2	0	Developer
bukinm	alleg	0	Developer
chriskcat	alleg	0	Developer
colin_ward	alleg	0	Developer
dschlyder	alleg	0	Developer
ebotcazou	alleg	0	Developer
eglebbk	alleg	1	Developer
elias	alleg	1	Developer
ferrisr	alleg	0	No specific role
gfoot	alleg	0	Developer
gradha	alleg	1	Web Designer
hstokset	alleg	0	Developer
icruz	alleg	0	Developer
jhe	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
joe_programmer	alleg	0	Developer
juvinious	alleg	0	Developer
kazzmir	alleg	0	Developer
konforce	alleg	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
lillo	alleg	0	Developer
mattsmith	alleg	0	Developer
mmimica	alleg	0	Developer
nanorod	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
setup	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
src	alleg	0	Developer
strangemoose	alleg	0	Developer
svens	alleg	0	Developer
tjaden	alleg	1	Developer
torhu	alleg	0	Developer
trentg	alleg	0	Developer
xaviergonz	alleg	0	Developer
acid_head	allegimmicks	1	No specific role
niunio	allegro-pas	1	No specific role
bcoconni	allegrogl	1	Developer
cyberbobb	allegrogl	0	Developer
elias	allegrogl	1	Developer
gfoot	allegrogl	1	Developer
joe_programmer	allegrogl	1	Developer
lillo	allegrogl	0	Developer
mmimica	allegrogl	1	Developer
trebl	allegrogl	0	Developer
korval2	allegropro	1	No specific role
jvff	allegrt	1	No specific role
alexduerloo	allianceless	0	Web Designer
hexmasta	allianceless	0	Developer
sleepyhead87	allianceless	1	No specific role
smi13y	allianceless	0	Developer
stefanietheis	allianceless	0	Web Designer
brrobid	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
helver	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
mroux06	alliances	0	All-Hands Person
nas2156	alliances	0	All-Hands Person
vstepanov78	alllib	1	No specific role
bumble	allocator	1	Project Manager
fprog	allocator	1	No specific role
alecclews	almsuite	1	Project Manager
callmeott	almsuite	1	Project Manager
simonbirkett	almsuite	1	Project Manager
vuthi	almsuite	1	Project Manager
rogerflores	alo	1	No specific role
palhoto	aloma	1	No specific role
mikelevins	alpaca	1	Developer
colino	alperl	1	No specific role
deepone	alpp	1	Developer
loic	alpp	0	Developer
tomashamala	alpp	1	No specific role
vr-anders	alpp	1	Developer
trsenna	alunoapp	1	No specific role
shmert	alyoop	1	No specific role
autarch	alzabo	1	All-Hands Person
slanning	alzabo	0	Developer
bcholmes	amakihi	1	Developer
louisaricher	amakihi	1	Developer
mikebd	amakihi	0	Developer
omok	amakihi	0	Developer
tthiraku	amakihi	0	Developer
kimumasa	amateras	0	Developer
shida-t	amateras	0	No specific role
takezoe	amateras	1	No specific role
astiob	amath	1	All-Hands Person
vbelani	amazinghms	1	No specific role
lsiebert	amb	1	No specific role
darksied9	amberarcher	1	Project Manager
kdowney	amberarcher	0	No specific role
zhangyu010	amberarcher	0	Developer
job	ambientjava	1	No specific role
instance	ambitcomponents	1	No specific role
muske_work	amconnections	1	No specific role
kshitij_sv	amdctm	1	Developer
pbhaniramka	amdctm	1	No specific role
rahul_darshan3d	amdctm	1	Developer
projectameba	ameba	1	No specific role
eric-z	amiclargs	1	No specific role
marcus_c	amiflinker	1	No specific role
spotup	amiflinker	1	Graphic/Other Designer
damato	amigaide	1	Project Manager
bruyere	amigtk	1	No specific role
yomgui	amigtk	1	No specific role
adil_kabbaj	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
karimbouzoubaa	amine-platform	0	Developer
ulrikp	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
gmweinberg	amint	1	No specific role
edwinearl	amoeba	1	No specific role
giri23	amorph	1	Developer
hanzz	amorph	1	No specific role
sliver33	amorph	1	Developer
bailopan	amxmodx	1	Project Manager
basic-master	amxmodx	0	Developer
jghg	amxmodx	0	Developer
pmonoto	amxmodx	0	Developer
sidluke	amxmodx	0	Developer
sniperbeamer	amxmodx	0	Project Manager
dbpad	amylase	1	Developer
ideabrooder	amylase	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	amylase	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	amylase	1	Developer
joniyoon	amylase	1	Developer
a_yang	amyyang	1	No specific role
a_yang1	amyyang	0	No specific role
a_yang2	amyyang	0	No specific role
a_yang22	amyyang	1	No specific role
a_yang26	amyyang	0	No specific role
fincher	amyyang	1	No specific role
iunknown01	andlu	1	No specific role
lecando	angkor	1	No specific role
tirsen	angkor	1	No specific role
lipnikov	ani2d	1	Developer
vasilevs	ani2d	1	Developer
lipnikov	ani3d	1	No specific role
vasilevs	ani3d	0	Developer
tirix	anim8orloader	1	No specific role
johnb003	animadead	1	No specific role
animefrance	animsrenaming	0	Developer
cinemania	animsrenaming	0	Developer
projettwk	animsrenaming	1	Unix Admin
albertoparo	anjuta	0	Developer
ancelot	anjuta	0	Developer
clubfan	anjuta	1	Developer
kh_naba	anjuta	1	No specific role
sgranjoux	anjuta	0	Developer
zzrough	anjuta	0	Developer
bghose	anjuta-extras	1	No specific role
asimshankar	annie	1	No specific role
hjmjohnson	annie	0	Developer
opx	annie	0	Developer
syn-apse	annie	0	Developer
hrgdavor	anno-params	1	No specific role
itubert	annocpan	1	No specific role
tommy-xu	annote4ehcache	1	No specific role
djm	ansi-st-tests	0	No specific role
dmacq	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
jbacanskas	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
jpelrine	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
odelljl	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
ralphjohnson	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
sames	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
samesshu	ansi-st-tests	1	Project Manager
iyd	antaddons	1	No specific role
behroozi	anthillbm	1	No specific role
qniol	antzwarz	1	Developer
vlc	antzwarz	1	No specific role
bastiaan	anyconfig	1	Developer
soap2corba	anyconfig	1	No specific role
boca4711	anyedit	0	Developer
dawoun	anyedit	0	Developer
moonshyne	anyedit	1	Project Manager
tdhdeep	anyedit	1	Project Manager
joni	anytoany	1	No specific role
alruiz15	aop-attr-cache	1	No specific role
apopovic	aopi	1	No specific role
nur	aopi	1	No specific role
drclaus	aopython	1	No specific role
comdog	apache-htaccess	1	No specific role
sungo	apache-htaccess	1	No specific role
ghost509	apad	1	No specific role
jpss	apashtm	1	No specific role
mazen_neifer	apashtm	0	Developer
nate-888	apdb	1	No specific role
mbadolato	apdevteam	1	No specific role
brentoboy	ape-syntax	1	No specific role
sfjro	aperf	1	No specific role
soertsz	aphis	1	No specific role
burakg	apl	1	No specific role
karabuk	aplepy	1	No specific role
moriq	apollo3	1	Developer
palminator	apollomigration	1	No specific role
pady	appcheck	1	No specific role
sfohey	appconf	1	No specific role
ccdrbrg	appdc	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	appfoundation	1	No specific role
zmhu	appfw	1	No specific role
wacca	applauncher	1	No specific role
aaldeveloper1	applautolayer	0	Developer
cliftonm	applautolayer	1	Project Manager
hhas	appscript	1	No specific role
vivek_spike	appupdatewiz	1	No specific role
tetsujin	appv	1	No specific role
evanz_d	apricot	1	No specific role
mistik	aptesting	1	Project Manager
nosfe2k	aptesting	1	Project Manager
d_ewing	apy	1	All-Hands Person
mgenti	apy	1	No specific role
jsekora	aqtools	1	No specific role
brandelune	aquamacs	0	Web Designer
champo	aquamacs	0	Developer
davidswelt	aquamacs	1	No specific role
fatius	aquamacs	0	Web Designer
terrycojones	aquamacs	0	Developer
hbabcock	aquaterm	0	Developer
persquare	aquaterm	1	Developer
complement	arabica	0	No specific role
craigp98072	arabica	0	Developer
jez_higgins	arabica	1	No specific role
kandrew	arabica	0	No specific role
pwalford	arabica	0	No specific role
turingtest	arachnid	1	No specific role
aragonx	aragon	1	No specific role
boboegr	aratora	1	No specific role
lastcraft	arbiter	1	Project Manager
alwick	arch4j	1	Developer
brownr	arch4j	0	Developer
dcolwell	arch4j	1	Developer
greasydaemon	arch4j	1	Developer
mvastrad	arch4j	1	No specific role
mwaltz	arch4j	0	Developer
refux	arch4j	1	Developer
rgreinke	arch4j	1	Developer
subbur	arch4j	1	Developer
vibhu_s	arch4j	1	Developer
wonarheim	arch4j	0	Developer
raven-arch	archangelinc	1	Project Manager
lapeyre_om	archivebuilder	1	No specific role
tcouery	archivebuilder	1	Developer
jatos	arcon	0	Developer
lazy_bum	arcon	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
likoski	arcon	1	Unix Admin
mkricker	arcon	0	Graphic/Other Designer
morpheouss	arcon	1	Unix Admin
shaumux	arcon	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
harmacy	arenalauncher	1	No specific role
alexsaintcroix	arete	1	No specific role
theworld40	arghelper	1	No specific role
colding	argopt	1	No specific role
sheitmann	argtable	1	No specific role
tsmango	argus-tracker	1	No specific role
kenshiro55	aries	1	No specific role
gaurav_v_bagga	arjava	1	No specific role
alfa	arm0nia	1	Developer
darksun4	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
koukos	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
wired_gr	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
asimon	armedbear-j	0	Developer
dmcnaught	armedbear-j	0	Developer
pfdietz	armedbear-j	0	Tester
piso	armedbear-j	1	No specific role
shayneflint	armidale	1	Project Manager
hongli	arpix	1	Project Manager
idra	arpix	1	Developer
arran4	arran4	1	No specific role
lardybiffa	arroyo	0	Developer
pjread	arroyo	0	Developer
sgregory	arroyo	0	Developer
timtennant	arroyo	1	No specific role
jayhawker	ars4sdlnft	1	No specific role
derekberube	arsclientje	1	No specific role
derekberube	arsperfmgmt	1	No specific role
bdevoe	artemisvote	1	No specific role
eliasbalasis	artifax	1	All-Hands Person
panagiotiss	artifax	0	Developer
smeyfroi	artoflife	1	No specific role
kiaksar	artregistry	1	No specific role
cdent	arts	1	All-Hands Person
mjc	arts	0	Developer
suso	arts	0	Developer
badegruber	artstkmkt	0	No specific role
pauljohn32	artstkmkt	1	No specific role
tokikenshi	arylon	1	Developer
ai024	as2lib	0	Developer
cherreman	as2lib	0	Developer
isadovskiy	as2lib	0	Developer
jayaprakash_a	as2lib	0	Developer
mastakaneda	as2lib	1	Project Manager
ripcurlx	as2lib	0	Developer
simonwacker	as2lib	1	Developer
ttyco	as2lib	0	Doc Writer
blanchg	as4j	1	No specific role
auselen	asal	1	No specific role
michaelkuhn	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Project Manager
xgcssch	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Developer
pupeno	asaplate	1	No specific role
aidan_skinner	ascl	1	Project Manager
jrcarter	ascl	1	Distributor/Promoter
merdmann	ascl	1	All-Hands Person
rolf_ebert	ascl	0	Developer
zhangjianao	ascol	1	No specific role
asclabs	ascphysics	1	No specific role
bbeaulant	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
carlos_rovira	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
dobesv	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
enchos	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
marvotron	aseclipseplugin	1	All-Hands Person
mb0	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
mcreichelt	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
negttid	aseclipseplugin	0	No specific role
pschreib	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
twodogssoftware	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
intervent	aselib	1	No specific role
net_mask	asgard	1	No specific role
mega_m	asgard-pm	1	No specific role
bangroot	ashkay	1	No specific role
beders	ashkelon	0	Developer
electricbob	ashkelon	0	Developer
esuez	ashkelon	1	Project Manager
rohanr2	ashpool	1	No specific role
thmarx	ashpool	0	Developer
ashapochka	ashwood	1	No specific role
mrasnika	asido	1	Project Manager
todor_todorov	asido	0	Developer
chris_kohlhoff	asio	1	No specific role
amsler	aslib2	1	Project Manager
konst	asm	1	All-Hands Person
nickols_k	asm	0	Developer
visitor	asm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bryceschroeder	asm48	0	Developer
daveho	asm48	1	No specific role
markusjohansson	asmbuilder	1	No specific role
amd	asmcrew	0	No specific role
instinc	asmcrew	1	No specific role
kintaro_2001	asmcrew	1	No specific role
lukas2000	asmcrew	1	No specific role
robertostling	asmcrew	1	No specific role
robost86	asmcrew	1	Developer
trem	asmcrew	1	No specific role
x-laes	asmcrew	1	Developer
rabidrecluse	asmlib	1	No specific role
adibaron	aspamia	1	Developer
aspamia	aspamia	1	Project Manager
acme	aspect-perl	1	Developer
unimatrix	aspect-perl	1	Developer
aspectdynamics	aspectdynamics	1	No specific role
magrob	aspectme	1	No specific role
ulsa	aspectme	1	No specific role
avibryant	aspectr	1	Developer
feldt	aspectr	1	No specific role
guyblade	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
mkarasek	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
sheltim	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
mrtwice	asptemplate	0	Developer
sibambang	asptemplate	0	Developer
stijn	asptemplate	0	Developer
tanis	asptemplate	1	Project Manager
wodge	asptemplate	0	Developer
nineteen85	asptracker	1	No specific role
thomas-m	associations	1	No specific role
rolfik	astra92lib	1	No specific role
jackslade	astrogrep	1	Developer
theodoreward	astrogrep	1	No specific role
jimp03	astyle	1	Project Manager
alimills	asunit	1	Project Manager
lukebayes	asunit	1	Project Manager
rpenner	asunit	0	Developer
alsutton	asxmlp	1	No specific role
olsner	async	1	No specific role
afarouk	asyncaction	1	No specific role
krivoshey	asyncresolv	1	No specific role
corey_gorman	at-log-it	1	No specific role
bago75	ataraxia	1	Project Manager
chanshuikay	ataraxia	0	Developer
cseres	ataraxia	0	Developer
mikelupu	ataraxia	0	Developer
nikolaymetchev	ataraxia	0	Developer
pagat	ataraxia	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
skozyren	ataraxia	0	Developer
hatimk	atgeclipse	1	No specific role
mike2410	athenamp	1	No specific role
tw0f4c3s	athosframework	1	No specific role
alexgirao	atma	1	Project Manager
andermarce	atma	1	Developer
nicholasamorim	atma	1	Developer
robertalmeida	atma	1	Developer
dstergiopoulos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
smarkou	atmelwlandriver	1	Project Manager
stsolakos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
tmpetsos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
californiakidd	atomatrix	1	No specific role
jseigh	atomic-ptr-plus	1	No specific role
cirruz	atomicdate	1	No specific role
pneyens	attachlayout	1	No specific role
barbarars	attrezzo	1	All-Hands Person
joelrs	attrezzo	1	Project Manager
jayj	audio-daemon	1	No specific role
jamwyd	aug	0	Developer
marayl	aug	1	Project Manager
airy	augui	1	All-Hands Person
flit	augui	1	No specific role
qbase	augui	1	Developer
yenorom	augui	0	Developer
cyberelf	auit	1	No specific role
khurshid	aurigadoc	1	Project Manager
khurshid	aurigadoclet	1	No specific role
gabeyg	aurora1	1	No specific role
egervari	auroramvc	1	No specific role
paladinofkaos	auross	1	Project Manager
mccain	auth	1	No specific role
stanis	auth	0	Developer
dirkpitt2050	autograf	1	No specific role
ilja_iwas	autograf	1	Project Manager
andygryc	autorealm	1	Developer
axeslinger	autorealm	0	Developer
banger-amiga	autorealm	0	Developer
conruyt	autorealm	1	Web Designer
cylentwolf	autorealm	0	Developer
falerion	autorealm	1	Developer
jdullea	autorealm	1	Developer
jfriant	autorealm	0	Developer
kjdavies	autorealm	1	Developer
messie	autorealm	0	Developer
mizy	autorealm	0	Developer
moonglum	autorealm	0	Developer
oojah	autorealm	1	Developer
pedersen	autorealm	1	Developer
screwsoft	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
thraxsivae	autorealm	1	Developer
uoirej	autorealm	0	Developer
zifnabbe	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
nova77	autores	1	No specific role
peter_bengtsson	autotaglib	1	No specific role
adamm	av3d	1	All-Hands Person
grellin	avalanchegdk	1	Project Manager
sshmuel	avalanchegdk	1	Developer
blomk	avango	0	Developer
geri-sf	avango	0	Developer
gordonshumway	avango	0	No specific role
jogo_sf	avango	1	Project Manager
jsd01	avango	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mharin	avango	0	Developer
riege	avango	0	Developer
stefanconrad	avango	0	No specific role
tholti	avango	1	Project Manager
zlosch	avango	1	Developer
egrolleau	avicaptcl	1	Project Manager
ndorlencourt	avicaptcl	0	Developer
phillipsm	avis	1	No specific role
skapare	avlmap	1	No specific role
jondkent	avm	1	Developer
h3avyarms	avrcalc	1	No specific role
jhuntnz	avrml	1	Unix Admin
shaoziyang	avrub	1	No specific role
dshejko	await	1	Project Manager
aphofstede	awdotnet	1	No specific role
isokabal	awg-scheme-libs	1	No specific role
aphofstede	awjava	1	No specific role
jwar	awjava	1	No specific role
jlianoglou	awusbxtra	1	No specific role
anthonyw	axemill	1	No specific role
simonswift	axemill	0	Developer
dargra	axis4struts	0	Developer
kevinbedell	axis4struts	1	Project Manager
mikeoliveraz	axis4struts	1	No specific role
dfilip	axpcom	1	Developer
svante	axpipe	1	No specific role
victormote	axsl	1	Project Manager
abates	axualize	0	Developer
doogan551	axualize	0	No specific role
mattnapier	axualize	0	No specific role
russwyte	axualize	1	Project Manager
gorki	azote	0	No specific role
ndeloof	azote	1	No specific role
alpeter	b-forms	1	No specific role
delson	babel-lib	1	No specific role
unifex	babel-lib	1	Developer
anshil	babylon	1	No specific role
ajanicij	babylonlib	1	All-Hands Person
darkomarko	babylonlib	0	Developer
darkoquak	babylonlib	0	No specific role
ddarko	babylonlib	1	No specific role
hogie	backpedal	1	No specific role
anders-agren	bacsharp	1	No specific role
garethhunt	badbean	1	No specific role
bad_camel	badcamelgaming	1	No specific role
sbouma	bagg	1	No specific role
ishido	bahur	1	No specific role
abzero	baj	1	Developer
dougneal	baj	1	Developer
billyoconnor	bakery	0	Developer
murrayc	bakery	1	Project Manager
mxpxfifws	bakery	1	Developer
shaderman	bakery	0	Developer
fpgui	balise	1	No specific role
supercranky	bamcompile	1	No specific role
aeinbu	bananadotnet	0	Developer
molokai	bananadotnet	0	Developer
plillevold	bananadotnet	1	No specific role
tektor	bananadotnet	0	Developer
evels	banenas	1	No specific role
anir	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
banglalinux	banglalinux	1	Developer
rahatayub	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
zahidbd	banglalinux	0	Developer
prabhakar	banjo	1	No specific role
stromgt	banteng	1	No specific role
dapissarenko	barchart4palm	1	No specific role
mwsimpson	barcodingtools	1	No specific role
dashorst	baritus	1	Developer
eelco12	baritus	1	No specific role
laurenshop	baritus	1	Developer
mrmean	baritus	1	Developer
the_ellessar	baritus	0	Developer
squidbot	baroque	1	No specific role
danathan	basebuilder	0	No specific role
jamiemcclelland	basebuilder	1	No specific role
um_and_uh	basebuilder	0	Developer
damiancarrillo	baseconv	1	No specific role
omerlevy	basengine	1	No specific role
frans_lundberg	basestream	1	No specific role
tmarkey	bashautomate	1	No specific role
pyrolistical	basicj	1	All-Hands Person
agatocles	basicportal	0	Developer
agreysukh	basicportal	0	No specific role
basebeans	basicportal	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bkafka	basicportal	0	No specific role
brianmaguire	basicportal	0	Project Manager
btomasini	basicportal	0	Developer
dmmorris	basicportal	0	No specific role
grenoml	basicportal	0	No specific role
hwinship	basicportal	0	No specific role
javaman777	basicportal	0	No specific role
kevem	basicportal	0	Developer
mkural	basicportal	0	No specific role
mpac	basicportal	0	Developer
notstable	basicportal	0	No specific role
oshylina	basicportal	0	Developer
rickcr	basicportal	0	Developer
rmatta	basicportal	0	No specific role
taylorc	basicportal	0	No specific role
thekm	basicportal	0	Developer
thusted	basicportal	0	No specific role
tnist	basicportal	0	No specific role
vicc	basicportal	0	Project Manager
wgehner	basicportal	0	No specific role
mcfletch	basicproperty	1	No specific role
terrasoft	basik	1	No specific role
pierpaolo_pk81	basil-text	1	No specific role
batch4j	batch4j	1	No specific role
amitmehta	batchide	0	Developer
anilpatel25	batchide	0	Developer
dosnlinux	batchide	0	No specific role
gigvivek	batchide	1	No specific role
mchaves	batchrenamer	1	No specific role
dago	bayonne	0	No specific role
dyfet	bayonne	1	No specific role
echo	bayonne	0	No specific role
fleeflang	bayonne	0	Developer
herrold	bayonne	0	No specific role
realophob	bayonne	0	No specific role
richbodo	bayonne	1	No specific role
scavenger	bayonne	0	No specific role
snewpy	bayonne	1	Project Manager
visitor	bayonne	0	Developer
wwaites	bayonne	0	Developer
hconceicao	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
luxspes	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
malby	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
rodrigobamboo	bbooprevalence	1	No specific role
bb_dakraxor	bbsocket	1	No specific role
jim_stoll	bc4j-multi-row	1	No specific role
nmusatti	bcbboost	1	No specific role
yozara	bcbboost	0	Developer
bcbwebman	bcbdirectx	0	No specific role
bcb_freak	bcbdirectx	1	No specific role
turbo	bcbdirectx	0	No specific role
kiklop74	bccsdk	1	Developer
kazimirov	bcore	1	No specific role
acraciun	bcuml	1	No specific role
e9925248	bcusdk	1	No specific role
gneug	bcusdk	0	Project Manager
iwow	bcusdk	0	Developer
droopy-seb	bdayscalendar	1	No specific role
jwin1	bdbadapter	1	No specific role
kyagrd	bdbplusplus	1	No specific role
trident	bdffont	1	Project Manager
pobrien	bdoz	1	No specific role
bmarotta	bds2006config	1	No specific role
underdog	beancomponents	1	No specific role
peterbecker	beandb	1	Project Manager
rschoening	beanfactory	1	No specific role
erik_van_zijst	beanlet	1	No specific role
zantvoort	beanlet	1	No specific role
johndavidtaylo2	beanpeeler	1	All-Hands Person
johndavidtaylor	beanpeeler	1	No specific role
dbrosius	beansource	1	Project Manager
cedrics	bearsui	1	No specific role
cdx	beautifyphp	1	Developer
schtorch	beautifyphp	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	bec	1	No specific role
jkristia	beck	1	No specific role
brucem	beepcore-c	0	Developer
cphmit	beepcore-c	0	Developer
dnew	beepcore-c	0	Developer
edixon	beepcore-c	0	Developer
huston	beepcore-c	1	Project Manager
jkint	beepcore-c	0	Developer
lallen	beepcore-c	0	Developer
mrose	beepcore-c	0	All-Hands Person
mtr2	beepcore-c	0	Developer
sweetums	beepcore-c	1	All-Hands Person
beep_tomoton	beepcore-java	0	Developer
dblacka	beepcore-java	0	Developer
huston	beepcore-java	1	No specific role
kion	beepcore-java	0	Developer
curne	beepcore-ruby	0	No specific role
dmoniz	beepcore-ruby	1	No specific role
perlmage	beepcore-ruby	0	Developer
dnew	beepcore-tcl	1	No specific role
huston	beepcore-tcl	0	Developer
jkint	beepcore-tcl	1	Project Manager
mrose	beepcore-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
petercai	beetopvsaddin	1	No specific role
beigetower	beigetower	1	All-Hands Person
dodsongr	beigetower	0	Developer
nghidav	beigetower	0	Developer
realmz	beikolio	1	No specific role
alanlb	bekaffe	0	No specific role
dmcqueen	bekaffe	0	No specific role
greyhame	bekaffe	0	No specific role
lorelli	bekaffe	0	No specific role
tpaoletti	bekaffe	1	No specific role
dlockamy	bella	1	No specific role
ysbeer	benepat	1	No specific role
beosonline	beosdeved	1	No specific role
peterk	bepythoncomp	1	No specific role
rsutphin	bering	1	No specific role
gedl	berserk	1	Project Manager
jmota	berserk	0	Support Technician
jpvl	berserk	0	Support Technician
marvin79	berserk	0	No specific role
sbzero	berserk	0	Support Technician
sergiomontelobo	berserk	0	Developer
hrbrmstr	betabrite	1	No specific role
davagin	bfl	1	No specific role
alex89ru	bfv89ru	1	No specific role
dpfeifle	bgclass	1	No specific role
fenger	bgclass	0	No specific role
fermium	bgclass	0	No specific role
mgriffel	bgclass	1	No specific role
tiw3chlo	bgclass	0	No specific role
slobberchops	bhrpul	1	No specific role
mlacunza	bibliocode	1	No specific role
jhermann	bicyclerepair	0	No specific role
mathewww	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
mgedmin	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
moshez	bicyclerepair	0	No specific role
pdawes	bicyclerepair	1	Project Manager
pfremy	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
weakestlink	big-brother	1	No specific role
parcival	bigapache	1	Developer
tadug	bigarithmetic	1	No specific role
nekropole	bigint	0	Distributor/Promoter
pmwmedia	bigint	1	Project Manager
ottalex	bigloo-lib	0	Developer
peteri	bigloo-lib	0	Developer
wowa	bigloo-lib	1	No specific role
levitd	bigtwo	1	No specific role
zombi	bigyo	1	No specific role
huebsch	billutil	1	No specific role
viperb0y	bin2cpp	1	No specific role
hlellelid	binarycloud	0	No specific role
jcmichel	binarycloud	1	Developer
openface	binarycloud	1	Developer
purestorm	binarycloud	0	Developer
turing	binarycloud	1	Project Manager
mmavrov	binddata2ui	1	No specific role
ajanicij	binedit	1	No specific role
nickj2000	binscan	1	No specific role
amackey	bionexus	0	Developer
astoltzfus	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
mbezruchko	bionexus	1	No specific role
tjhladish	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
vivekgopalan	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
amazona	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
biosdk	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
biodigitzman_2	bioupdates	1	No specific role
bisguard	bisdk	1	No specific role
nikboyd	bistro	1	No specific role
esumerfd	bitbashers	1	No specific role
angarato_surion	bithundler	1	No specific role
baitalmal	bitleaf	1	No specific role
jraneses	bitreflexds	1	No specific role
mfaucher	bitreflexds	0	Developer
ansuz	bits	1	No specific role
pfeiffer	bits-a-gogo	1	No specific role
marcelkung	bitvector4j	1	No specific role
jackal1100	bitxml	1	No specific role
newsboy	black-box	1	No specific role
leung135	black-sun	1	No specific role
agw_linux	blake	0	Content Management
gkomel	blake	0	No specific role
gugou	blake	0	Developer
leecho	blake	0	Developer
lscheidegger	blake	1	Unix Admin
mrcs73	blake	0	Doc Writer
newber	blake	0	Developer
oleiro	blake	0	Developer
peass	blake	1	No specific role
rafaelsteil	blake	1	No specific role
pavelsavin	blazze	1	Project Manager
devraj	blend	1	No specific role
cq2	blijf	1	Project Manager
ejgroene	blijf	1	No specific role
ende	blijf	1	Developer
mjevers	blijf	0	All-Hands Person
thijsj	blijf	1	All-Hands Person
user57	bliss	1	All-Hands Person
leeper	bloatedtostring	1	No specific role
chris95219	blox-engine	1	No specific role
ghowlett	blt	1	Developer
mmclennan	blt	0	Developer
blusoft	blubos	1	No specific role
cowand	bluejade	1	No specific role
rickgiles	bluejcheckstyle	1	No specific role
stedwar2	bluejcheckstyle	0	Developer
jharler	bluelib	1	Project Manager
krystal_tech	bluelog	1	No specific role
lonnie_pryor	blues	1	No specific role
jdjwright	blueskytime	1	No specific role
rkrzewsk	blueskytime	0	Developer
cuttersladetd	bluewar	1	Developer
blueware	blueware	1	No specific role
binchen1007	bluewonder	0	Doc Writer
david_seidel	bluewonder	1	Project Manager
meedaz	bluewonder	0	Tester
onxo	bluewonder	1	Developer
poethig	bluewonder	1	Analysis / Design
tlk00	bmagic	1	No specific role
tolstoy	bmagic	0	Developer
gotthardp	bnfparser2	1	No specific role
rsedlac	bnfparser2	1	No specific role
vacek	bnfparser2	0	Developer
xrehak	bnfparser2	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
shortcircuit	bnn	1	No specific role
mephidmann	boardmod	0	Developer
michaelprager	boardmod	1	Project Manager
t-master	boardmod	1	Developer
jck1307	bocalendar	1	No specific role
atamaniuk	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
cameronjr	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
da8	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
jbattenf	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
mfoegen	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
mtandler	bodyofmethods	1	Project Manager
noessler	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
pmetz	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
ptandler	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
jck1307	boforum	1	No specific role
thecreator	bokux2d	1	Project Manager
thorgrim_	bokux2d	0	No specific role
aivarannamaa	bolero	1	No specific role
elizeualcantara	boletophp	1	No specific role
jck1307	bomail	1	No specific role
anschi	bonezengine	0	Developer
patrys	bonezengine	1	Developer
bonforum	bonforum	1	All-Hands Person
krischik	booch95	0	All-Hands Person
simonjwright	booch95	1	All-Hands Person
aaron_windsor	boost	0	Developer
agurtovoy	boost	0	Developer
akalin	boost	0	Developer
aliazarbayejani	boost	0	Developer
alisdairm27386	boost	0	Developer
alkise	boost	0	Developer
alnsn	boost	0	Developer
andreas_huber69	boost	0	Developer
anthonyw	boost	0	Developer
az_sw_dude	boost	1	Developer
beman_dawes	boost	1	No specific role
bgubenko	boost	0	Developer
bill_kempf	boost	0	Developer
biochimia	boost	0	Developer
bjorn_karlsson	boost	0	Developer
blq	boost	0	Developer
boost_admin	boost	0	Developer
brett_calcott	boost	0	Developer
burbelgruff	boost	0	Developer
carlos_p_coelho	boost	0	Developer
cepstein	boost	0	Developer
cgc	boost	0	Developer
chris_kohlhoff	boost	0	Developer
cmb537	boost	0	Developer
cpdaniel	boost	1	Developer
cppljevans	boost	0	Developer
cslittle	boost	0	Developer
danieljames	boost	0	Developer
daniel_egloff	boost	0	Developer
daniel_wallin	boost	0	Developer
dan_marsden	boost	0	Developer
david_abrahams	boost	1	No specific role
dfrey42	boost	0	Developer
dgregor	boost	1	Developer
diemumiee	boost	0	No specific role
djowel	boost	0	Developer
dlwalker	boost	0	Developer
dramatec	boost	0	Developer
ebf	boost	0	Developer
eric_niebler	boost	0	Developer
fcacciola	boost	0	Developer
ganssauge	boost	0	Developer
gennaro_prota	boost	0	Developer
giovannibajo	boost	0	Developer
glassfordm	boost	0	Developer
gmelquio	boost	0	Developer
grafik	boost	0	Developer
guwi17	boost	0	No specific role
gwpowell	boost	0	Developer
hervebronnimann	boost	0	Developer
hevad57	boost	0	Developer
hkaiser	boost	0	Developer
hljin	boost	0	Developer
hschober	boost	0	Editorial/Content Writer
hubert_holin	boost	0	Developer
igaztanaga	boost	0	Developer
imaman	boost	0	Developer
jano_gaspar	boost	0	No specific role
jbandela	boost	0	Developer
jbrandmeyer	boost	0	Developer
jdmoore99	boost	0	Developer
jeffflinn	boost	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jerrydy	boost	0	Developer
jewillco	boost	0	Developer
jhunold	boost	0	Developer
jmaurer	boost	0	No specific role
joaquintides	boost	0	Developer
joerg_walter	boost	0	Developer
johnmaddock	boost	1	No specific role
jonkalb	boost	0	Developer
jsiek	boost	0	Developer
jsuter	boost	0	Developer
kaalus	boost	0	Developer
kevlin	boost	0	Developer
lbourdev	boost	0	Developer
llee1	boost	0	Developer
mark_rodgers	boost	0	Developer
martin_wille	boost	0	Developer
mathiaskoch	boost	0	Developer
matiascape	boost	0	Developer
mbergal	boost	0	Developer
mclow	boost	0	Developer
memring	boost	0	Developer
mistevens	boost	0	Developer
mmurrett	boost	0	Developer
mrovner	boost	0	No specific role
msclrhd	boost	0	Developer
nbecker	boost	0	Developer
nesotto	boost	0	Developer
nicoddemus	boost	0	Developer
nikiml	boost	0	Developer
nimnul	boost	0	Developer
nksauter	boost	0	Developer
nmotgi	boost	0	Developer
nmusatti	boost	0	Developer
noel_belcourt	boost	0	Developer
nuffer	boost	0	Developer
pdimov	boost	0	Developer
pedro_ferreira	boost	0	Developer
pmenso57	boost	0	Developer
pvozenilek	boost	0	Developer
ramey	boost	0	Developer
raoulgough	boost	0	Developer
redi	boost	0	Developer
reportbase	boost	0	Developer
reportbase2004	boost	0	No specific role
rgarcia	boost	0	Developer
rogeeff	boost	0	Developer
rwgk	boost	0	Developer
samuel_k	boost	0	Developer
schoepflin	boost	0	Developer
sdiederich	boost	0	Developer
shammah	boost	0	Developer
slapi	boost	0	No specific role
speedsnail	boost	0	No specific role
srajko	boost	0	No specific role
stefan	boost	0	Developer
straszheim	boost	0	Developer
syl	boost	0	Developer
thejcab	boost	0	Developer
tknapen	boost	0	Developer
troyer	boost	0	Developer
tslettebo	boost	0	Developer
turkanis	boost	0	Developer
t_schwinger	boost	0	Developer
urzuga	boost	0	Developer
vawjr	boost	0	Tester
vertleyb	boost	0	Developer
vladimir_prus	boost	0	Developer
witt	boost	0	Developer
wom-work	boost	0	Developer
alexis_wilke	boost-extras	1	No specific role
dooglio2	boost-extras	1	Developer
andysem	boost-log	1	No specific role
lucaregini	boost-log	0	Developer
asola	bootman	1	No specific role
okt	borax	1	No specific role
chavvakula	borgworx	0	Developer
csedlaczek	borgworx	1	Project Manager
gstampfel	borgworx	0	No specific role
jresch	borgworx	0	No specific role
theanimal666	borgworx	1	Project Manager
catlingm	bosc	1	No specific role
littlezoper	bosco	1	No specific role
fmatheus	bossa	1	Developer
gdvieira	bossa	1	Developer
anders1a	bossxo	1	Project Manager
eivindw	bossxo	1	Project Manager
ilmyggo	bossxo	1	Project Manager
olasan	bossxo	0	Developer
olemartin	bossxo	0	Developer
thbieltvedt	bossxo	0	Developer
trondka	bossxo	0	Developer
zepp555	bossxo	1	Project Manager
jatsrt	bosszilla	1	No specific role
xeus_man	bottomline	1	No specific role
drosihn	bpe	0	No specific role
ferd617	bpe	0	Developer
wilmesj	bpe	1	No specific role
dcharlton	brainstraindbg	1	No specific role
mgpapp	brainterrace	1	No specific role
entro-p	breach	1	Developer
gennaro_prota	breeze	1	Developer
sseaman	brej	1	Project Manager
asia	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
pornel	brephp	1	No specific role
quiris11	brephp	1	Project Manager
qviri	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
zaphod_bee4	bricklayer-perl	1	No specific role
afanofosc_99	bricxcc	1	No specific role
peter_pilgrim	bridgetown	1	No specific role
bobrkp	brownbag	0	Developer
jasonsackett	brownbag	0	Developer
mojoxanadu	brownbag	0	No specific role
rsfeir	brownbag	1	No specific role
tdnjln	brownbag	0	Web Designer
ubik	brownbag	1	Developer
dougedmunds	brownbuffalo	1	Developer
mmacdona	browsebyquery	1	No specific role
arjaies	bruiser	1	No specific role
kishida0	brv-dev-tools	0	Developer
monaka	brv-dev-tools	1	Project Manager
orexx	bsf4rexx	1	Project Manager
rexx	bsf4rexx	1	No specific role
gzzz	bsframework	1	Project Manager
phid75	bsframework	0	All-Hands Person
smlt	bsframework	1	Developer
eric_lindahl	bshcom	1	No specific role
eric_lindahl	bshu	1	No specific role
devscott	bside	1	Developer
rockstar_	bside	1	Project Manager
websnarf	bstring	1	No specific role
damato	bstring-mcc	1	Project Manager
duff2	bstring-mcc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gnikl	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
itix	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
pbobbenb	bstring-mcc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sba	bstring-mcc	1	Developer
thboeckel	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
maunus	bstutils	1	No specific role
ctrager	btnet	1	Project Manager
nakkii	btnet-vs	1	No specific role
bab	btools	1	No specific role
arkel	btp	0	Developer
netoid	btp	0	Developer
revolutionman	btp	1	Project Manager
tyleryippee	btp	1	Project Manager
youri_ch	btp	0	Developer
agstools	btrack	1	No specific role
bresson	bts-oops	1	No specific role
ekon	btsys	1	No specific role
etnt	btt	1	No specific role
jbevemyr	btt	0	No specific role
klacke	btt	1	Developer
mbj	btt	1	Developer
mikl	btt	0	No specific role
mvw	btt	0	Developer
shrogers	btt	0	Developer
sstrollo	btt	0	Developer
tonyrog	btt	0	Developer
bubbakko	bubbug	1	No specific role
kkjr	buddhism	1	Project Manager
korakot	buddhism	1	Project Manager
platinum_pt	buddhism	1	Project Manager
sawat	buddhism	1	Project Manager
yew4u	buddhism	0	No specific role
thiloplanz	budgie	1	No specific role
slide	bugaboo	1	Project Manager
slideep	bugaboo	1	No specific role
wreissen	bugbase	1	No specific role
reflog	bugcli	1	No specific role
rsesek	bugdar	1	No specific role
asdf4711	bugflow	1	Project Manager
bheilbrun	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
dwhite	bugin	0	Developer
muckl	bugin	0	Developer
notgod	bugin	1	Developer
provos	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
ajit_balan	bugit	1	No specific role
alvaro456	buglet	1	No specific role
stevedbrown	buglet	1	No specific role
tomriemer	buglet	1	No specific role
mwestergaard	buglist	1	No specific role
admin	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
maqsoftware	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
jkcroney	bugnet	0	Developer
moshefi	bugnet	0	Developer
ornus	bugnet	0	Developer
rachitpatel	bugnet	0	Developer
tekhorror	bugnet	1	Project Manager
arulzz	bugslife	1	Developer
justjul	bugslife	1	Project Manager
jlaase	bugsonline	0	Developer
simgar	bugsonline	1	No specific role
poku512	bugsquash	1	Project Manager
jameswilko	bugstomper	1	Project Manager
belugin	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
loonix	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
manik	bugtracker	1	No specific role
triplem	bugtracker	0	All-Hands Person
trashlyn	bugtracking	1	No specific role
sara_f	bugwork	1	No specific role
mindstorm2600	bugzcxx	1	No specific role
sweetkernelp	bugzcxx	0	Developer
fma6	bugzilla-ar	0	Developer
shipmaster	bugzilla-ar	1	No specific role
gustau	bugzilla-ca	1	No specific role
bublik	bugzilla-de	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burnus	bugzilla-de	1	Project Manager
torangan	bugzilla-de	0	No specific role
absorto	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
cdmojoli	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
jcordoba	bugzilla-es	1	No specific role
omgs	bugzilla-es	1	Developer
alice31	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aurelien0306	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
balise	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chris2fr	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
fpraca	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
jlberliet	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
nathael	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
porco	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
t_cordonnier	bugzilla-fr	0	No specific role
lgyurics	bugzilla-hu	1	No specific role
cooked	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
megawati	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
wgshim	bugzilla-kr	1	No specific role
dimitry	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
doctorchd	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
dpupkov	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fattie	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fedrushkov	bugzilla-ru	1	All-Hands Person
ilyasia	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
kmaksimov	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
legion-alt	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
voinovpa	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lgrammel	bugzillametrics	1	No specific role
schackmann	bugzillametrics	1	Project Manager
mmastrac	bugzillanet	1	No specific role
whala	bugzillanet	0	Developer
freefrag	bugzproxy	1	No specific role
szczepiq	builderswitcher	1	No specific role
rburd	buildingblocks	1	No specific role
arsene-fr	buildutils	1	No specific role
frustration567	bulwinkle	1	No specific role
vectortangent	bulwinkle	1	No specific role
johnsenf	burner	0	Developer
stefano_campri	burner	0	Developer
vampirsergio	burner	1	No specific role
zano	burner	0	Developer
cmeredith	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
j_javier	burnoutstudios	1	Developer
ramdizzydogg	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
robertod	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
shahg	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
huxoll	bus	0	Developer
jwhigginbotham	bus	1	No specific role
kstater67	bus	0	Developer
omegadva	buzz	1	No specific role
howardsp	bwbunit	1	No specific role
thomas_smith	bwdnnsb	1	No specific role
br0wn	bxml	1	No specific role
htrd	bytecodehacks	0	No specific role
mwh	bytecodehacks	1	No specific role
tismer	bytecodehacks	0	No specific role
marciof	c-library	1	No specific role
andras	c-minuit	1	No specific role
martolong	c-open-smpp-34	1	Developer
movilgate	c-open-smpp-34	1	Developer
fred14214	c-y-a	0	Developer
hangster	c-y-a	0	Developer
hugeeuge	c-y-a	0	Developer
kasprowb	c-y-a	0	Developer
mvm313	c-y-a	0	Graphic/Other Designer
rcolbey	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
syeoh	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
the_shade	c-y-a	0	Developer
marvinr	c2html	1	No specific role
rener	c2iexplorer	1	All-Hands Person
svwright	c4for	1	No specific role
vermavee	c4m	1	All-Hands Person
dbergerson	c681xbots	0	Developer
dwalters	c681xbots	1	Developer
the_earl	c681xbots	1	All-Hands Person
audalio	caboquinho	0	Developer
awodson	caboquinho	0	No specific role
berserk_stern	caboquinho	1	Project Manager
clebson	caboquinho	1	No specific role
lskbr	caboquinho	1	Project Manager
rgastone	caboquinho	0	Project Manager
francisabooth	cachedjarloader	1	No specific role
naushin	cachedjarloader	0	Developer
emergetw	cachew	1	No specific role
miyachi	cactus4enhydra	1	No specific role
el3v3n	cadb	1	No specific role
kanotspell	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
ncenginear	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
ashish_cy	cadkit	0	Developer
hmullens	cadkit	0	Developer
imikejackson	cadkit	1	Developer
jeadams3	cadkit	0	Tester
jsconner	cadkit	0	Developer
pep4	cadkit	1	Project Manager
wsuchewie	cadkit	1	Developer
gfk	cafeine	1	No specific role
cahaya	cahaya-asas	1	No specific role
ayhan	cahitarf	1	No specific role
aksergey	cairngormflex	1	No specific role
lycj	cake	1	No specific role
pbhaniramka	cal	1	No specific role
jsedwards	calc-o-matic	1	No specific role
gsaielli	calleridsuite	1	No specific role
calmosoft	calmosoft	1	No specific role
alexili	cama	1	No specific role
alex_iliasov	cama	1	Project Manager
bogdanflorin	camellia	0	No specific role
delaunay	camellia	0	Developer
ghorayeb	camellia	0	No specific role
steux	camellia	1	All-Hands Person
yotamabramson	camellia	0	Developer
andrea_magni	camelos	0	Developer
caunt	camelos	0	Developer
decko	camelos	1	Project Manager
paolorossi	camelos	0	Developer
uberto	camelos	1	Project Manager
adamkennedy	camelpack	0	Developer
dagolden	camelpack	0	Developer
fireartist	camelpack	0	Developer
rkobes	camelpack	0	Developer
stennie	camelpack	1	Developer
soutaro	camldt	1	No specific role
yori	camldt	0	No specific role
mattam	camomile	0	Developer
yori	camomile	1	No specific role
yrashk	camomile	0	Developer
drrwebber	camprocessor	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nagolusidhartha	camprocessor	0	Developer
robertmm	camprocessor	1	All-Hands Person
ethryx	camtrivia	1	No specific role
virtualjay	camtrivia	1	Developer
amuino	candy4appfuse	1	No specific role
hobb0001	candygram	1	No specific role
szougari	caniswing	1	No specific role
zone	canny	1	Developer
eppesuig	canonscanner	0	Developer
kzmi	canonscanner	0	Developer
nrutman	canonscanner	0	Developer
salvestrini	canonscanner	0	Developer
volodya	canonscanner	1	No specific role
pascalscheffers	cantcl	1	Developer
stevecassidy	cantcl	1	No specific role
bearmini	capellini	1	No specific role
micethomas	caps-toggle	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	capsaicin	1	Web Designer
skrauss	car-dsp	1	No specific role
pod9160	carbine	1	No specific role
araman	carbon	0	Developer
cherro	carbon	1	Project Manager
cmicali	carbon	1	No specific role
dvoet	carbon	1	Developer
ghinkl	carbon	1	Project Manager
isdhir	carbon	0	Developer
jdreed	carbon	1	Developer
powercrazy	carbon	1	No specific role
tmarti	carbon	0	Developer
annlewis	carbonado	0	Developer
bcastill	carbonado	0	Developer
broneill	carbonado	1	Developer
deflaux	carbonado	0	Developer
dondo_seattle	carbonado	1	Developer
jameswil	carbonado	0	Developer
justrudd	carbonado	0	Developer
keller_tl	carbonado	0	Developer
sunny_g	carbonado	0	Developer
vidyaiyer	carbonado	0	Developer
jahlonzo	carbonfive	1	No specific role
sborgeso	carbonfive	1	No specific role
sivoh	carbonfive	1	Developer
swebster	carbonfive	0	No specific role
wynholds	carbonfive	1	No specific role
goneaway	carbonkernel	1	Project Manager
kaokart	cardboard	1	No specific role
cryogenix	caros	1	No specific role
malversan	carpe	1	No specific role
sunmaster2020	carsovu	1	Developer
burzmali	carthag	1	No specific role
ceharris414	casclient	1	No specific role
nikgus	casilda	1	No specific role
stephenhu	caspython	1	No specific role
andreas_eidmann	cassandra	1	Project Manager
andreas_granzer	cassandra	0	Project Manager
blixa	cassandra	0	Developer
flabes	cassandra	0	Unix Admin
heiko_wolf	cassandra	1	Project Manager
helmut_stoick	cassandra	0	Developer
jinxu	cassandra	0	Developer
marco_miedl	cassandra	0	Developer
martin_aubele	cassandra	1	Project Manager
matthias1707	cassandra	0	Developer
michael_lindig	cassandra	0	Developer
robert_stindl	cassandra	0	All-Hands Person
stefan_meyer	cassandra	0	Developer
thomasw1	cassandra	0	Developer
thomas_rieger	cassandra	0	Developer
thomas_scharke	cassandra	0	Developer
tobias_hauz	cassandra	1	Project Manager
patrickvankann	castor-taglib	1	No specific role
bernardfrancois	casualskin	1	No specific role
paul_meyers	casualskin	1	Developer
giovanni_giorgi	cat	1	Developer
tazzoli	cat	0	Developer
felixls	catalognow	1	All-Hands Person
jeffmoore	catalysislink	1	No specific role
joeenfield	catalysislink	1	No specific role
kaloian	catb-bg	1	No specific role
minus273	catb-bg	1	No specific role
myddrin	cathbad	1	No specific role
maxkr	cati	1	No specific role
jbm4ever	catspeed	1	No specific role
adeshazor	catura	1	No specific role
ashapochka	cayenne	0	Developer
bdudney	cayenne	0	Developer
blacknext	cayenne	0	Developer
cmiskell	cayenne	0	Developer
cris	cayenne	0	Developer
ericschneider	cayenne	0	Developer
halset	cayenne	0	Developer
mensk	cayenne	1	All-Hands Person
mkienenb	cayenne	0	Developer
mshenga	cayenne	0	Developer
nirvdrum	cayenne	0	Developer
carstenbreuer	cbccl	1	No specific role
stripwax	cbccl	0	Developer
cashmont	cbench	1	No specific role
jbeyer	cbench	0	No specific role
sonicsoft70	cbench	1	No specific role
beansv6	cbitlib	1	No specific role
brulow	cbits	1	All-Hands Person
cfelaco	cbrowser	1	No specific role
danielcrawshay	cbusserver	1	No specific role
bignester	ccap	1	No specific role
blackpaw	ccard	1	No specific role
dago	ccaudio	0	No specific role
dyfet	ccaudio	1	No specific role
richbodo	ccaudio	1	No specific role
suyog	ccaudio	0	No specific role
jlinoff	ccdoc	1	All-Hands Person
rehm	cclip	1	No specific role
waazom	cclip	1	Project Manager
arguepr	ccmdev	0	Developer
jkyamog	ccmdev	1	No specific role
shackelford	ccmdev	1	No specific role
psylented	ccode	1	Project Manager
trident	ccounter	1	Project Manager
mhowlett	ccpgplot	1	No specific role
marshak2	ccspellchk	1	No specific role
inovick	ccull	1	No specific role
maxime2	ccull	1	No specific role
plund	ccull	1	No specific role
ajlohr270	ccursor	0	No specific role
axlecrusher	ccursor	1	Developer
cnlohr	ccursor	1	No specific role
ccrouzet	ccxsitoolkit	1	No specific role
che_fox	cddb-py	1	No specific role
thebosm	cdis	1	No specific role
cdiv	cdiv	1	No specific role
benny_h	cdjlib	0	Developer
dmarell	cdjlib	1	Developer
greythorn	cdjlib	1	Developer
hahe	cdjlib	0	Developer
ingrid	cdjlib	0	Developer
linus_nielsen	cdjlib	0	No specific role
matsh	cdjlib	0	Developer
matsl	cdjlib	0	Developer
perty	cdjlib	1	Developer
robertforss	cdjlib	0	Developer
zagor	cdjlib	1	Unix Admin
akrassavine	cdk	0	Developer
bhadreshp	cdk	0	Developer
billyfish	cdk	0	Developer
chhoppe	cdk	0	Developer
dav10	cdk	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	cdk	0	Developer
dirk49	cdk	0	Developer
djiao	cdk	0	Developer
dleidert	cdk	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
edgarl	cdk	0	Developer
egonw	cdk	1	Project Manager
fultoncr	cdk	0	Developer
f_marighetti	cdk	0	No specific role
hantek	cdk	0	Developer
jharter	cdk	0	Developer
jhpennwv	cdk	0	Developer
kaihartmann	cdk	0	Developer
labarta	cdk	0	Developer
mario_baseda	cdk	0	No specific role
martitm	cdk	0	Developer
mekovich	cdk	0	Developer
mfe4	cdk	0	Developer
migueljmol	cdk	0	Developer
miguelrojasch	cdk	0	Developer
mlemaudit	cdk	0	Developer
nielsout	cdk	0	Developer
nikodem	cdk	0	Developer
nprakash	cdk	0	Developer
ospjuth	cdk	0	Developer
petermr	cdk	0	Developer
rajarshi	cdk	0	Developer
revilo2208	cdk	0	Developer
sarefo	cdk	0	Developer
sea36	cdk	0	Developer
shk3	cdk	1	Developer
singh81	cdk	0	Developer
sithmein	cdk	0	Developer
speleo3	cdk	0	Developer
steinbeck	cdk	1	Project Manager
stomkinson	cdk	0	Developer
sulev	cdk	0	Developer
sushil_ronghe	cdk	0	Developer
tashiro	cdk	0	Developer
telto	cdk	0	Developer
thomaskuhn	cdk	0	Developer
tohel	cdk	0	Developer
ulif	cdk	0	Developer
wegner	cdk	0	Developer
yongquan	cdk	0	Developer
yz237	cdk	0	Developer
zzzgggrrr	cdk	0	Developer
dmagrom	cdkpp	1	Developer
dpgigorro	cdkpp	1	Developer
nnosov	cdl	1	No specific role
topcall	cdsd	1	No specific role
dougschaefer	cdt-contrib	1	No specific role
edgar_grimberg	cdt-contrib	0	No specific role
gowinex	cdt-contrib	0	No specific role
mlescuyer	cdt-contrib	0	No specific role
alantar	cdx	0	No specific role
borfast	cdx	0	Developer
bsimser	cdx	1	Project Manager
coderdude	cdx	0	Developer
codingman	cdx	0	Developer
fireangel	cdx	0	Developer
greven	cdx	0	Developer
hebertjo	cdx	0	Developer
istan	cdx	1	Project Manager
janni	cdx	0	Developer
karasu	cdx	0	Developer
l99057j	cdx	0	Developer
mcunha	cdx	0	Developer
mindcry	cdx	0	Developer
nappsulze	cdx	0	Developer
play	cdx	0	Developer
pyabo	cdx	0	Developer
wasteland	cdx	0	Developer
gtokas	cdx10	0	Developer
abretz	ceb	1	No specific role
jbevain	cecil	1	No specific role
airboss	cedet	0	Developer
berndl	cedet	0	Developer
emacsman	cedet	0	Developer
kiniry	cedet	0	Developer
kpoxman	cedet	0	Developer
pkinnucan	cedet	0	Developer
ponced	cedet	0	Developer
sekissov	cedet	0	Developer
surajacharya	cedet	0	Developer
zappo	cedet	1	No specific role
dbrower	ceespot	1	No specific role
cehbab	cehnet	1	No specific role
schoenborno	cehtl	1	No specific role
andyze	celengine	1	Project Manager
noteventime	celengine	1	Developer
rtimm	celengine	1	Project Manager
styxo	celengine	1	Project Manager
twiad	celengine	1	Developer
hacker-one	cellautomatalib	1	No specific role
paulkuit	celldb	1	No specific role
volker_reichel	celldb	0	Developer
nickerso	cellml	1	All-Hands Person
hemareddy	cellosi	1	No specific role
bzinchenko	cellsheet	1	No specific role
chochos	cemanahuatl	0	No specific role
luxspes	cemanahuatl	1	Developer
centrinia	centrinia	1	No specific role
cancered	centum	0	Web Designer
schombert	centum	1	All-Hands Person
sirmasi120	centum	0	Doc Writer
stargazerm	centum	0	Graphic/Other Designer
atuining	ceodbc	1	No specific role
futuraworkz	cep	1	Developer
jaxn	cep	1	No specific role
millergh	cep	0	Project Manager
patrick_reilly	cep	0	Doc Writer
webgroupmedia	cerberus-kb	1	No specific role
bweirdan	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
feyddevnet	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
jasonlotito	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
mgruff	cereal-web-kit	1	Developer
patrige	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
pg_tip	cereal-web-kit	0	No specific role
twigletmac	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
maynardd	cetools	1	No specific role
cosmin	cexcept	1	No specific role
glennrp	cexcept	1	No specific role
cf2jsp	cf2jsp	1	No specific role
jword	cfactory	1	No specific role
gamescoper	cfagcms	1	No specific role
bakoonet	cffbasic	1	No specific role
jsutton	cfglitch	1	Project Manager
dmgass	cfgparse	1	No specific role
haddons	cfiframe	1	Project Manager
hamgert	cfiframe	1	No specific role
guyou	cflow2vcg	1	Project Manager
dr_maux	cfml	1	Project Manager
luxux	cfml	0	Developer
mihi	cfml	0	Developer
orbwave	cfobjects	1	No specific role
cforgeleader	cforge	1	Developer
seeplusplus	cfour	1	No specific role
jimcollins	cfsynergy	1	No specific role
bean-bag	cfunctions	1	No specific role
kxmode	cfxml-forum	1	Developer
jasonw754	cg-phpdoc	1	All-Hands Person
pladams9	cgcps	1	No specific role
fireangel	cgewrapper	1	Developer
irperez	cgewrapper	1	Project Manager
cmilett	cgi-plus-plus	1	No specific role
mshiltonj	cgi-test	1	No specific role
devoid1	cgl-class	1	No specific role
dramaticdigital	cgmuscle	0	No specific role
juddsimantov	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
platypuus	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
strarup	cgmuscle	0	No specific role
manuelkessler	cgnspp	1	Project Manager
uotremel	cgnspp	0	Developer
cgprof	cgprof	1	No specific role
ebekker	chai	1	No specific role
h_wilkinson	chalten	1	No specific role
f2f	chamatools	0	Developer
matts22	chamatools	1	No specific role
rminnich	chamatools	0	Developer
bernardfrancois	chameleonskin	1	No specific role
paul_meyers	chameleonskin	1	Developer
jgilbertsjc	change-mgmt	1	No specific role
glongman	changespy	1	No specific role
ameetkulkarni	channelmanager	0	Developer
chaopsychochick	channelmanager	0	Developer
dadrox	channelmanager	0	Developer
deanhiller	channelmanager	0	No specific role
fastdragon	channelmanager	1	Developer
ceiled	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
cmang	chaosengine	0	All-Hands Person
emoe	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
masilis	chaosengine	1	Analysis / Design
meyek	chaosengine	0	Developer
pjenvey	chaosengine	0	Unix Admin
xsarinx	chaosengine	1	Web Designer
zeram	chaosengine	0	Doc Writer
kiplingw	charlieface	1	No specific role
frankbuss	charon	1	No specific role
mschulze_99	charpoly	1	No specific role
katel	chart-taglibs	1	Developer
sacevedom	chart-taglibs	0	Developer
sargon_master	chart-taglibs	0	Developer
jjsimas	chart2d	1	Project Manager
cpickett	check	1	Developer
hugo303	check	1	Project Manager
marbro	cheiron	1	No specific role
ccambien	chello	1	Project Manager
skc	chello	1	Developer
suranyami	chello	0	No specific role
chebmaster	chepersy	1	No specific role
bedick	chgpw	1	No specific role
rhymed	chickenscratch	1	All-Hands Person
ghoot	chiki	1	Project Manager
aiue3	chimaira-xion	1	No specific role
bdhooper	chimpinstall	0	No specific role
jonshute	chimpinstall	1	No specific role
steveconlan	chimpinstall	0	Developer
timdale	chimpinstall	0	Tester
jonshute	chimputil	1	No specific role
tim3pagden	chinook	1	No specific role
chipt	chip	1	No specific role
ankurpatel78	chiphpug	0	No specific role
coneill	chiphpug	0	Developer
doshhar	chiphpug	0	Developer
fawadhalim	chiphpug	0	No specific role
harkins	chiphpug	0	Developer
jhawkinsaccp	chiphpug	0	No specific role
k8lin	chiphpug	0	Developer
nolastowe	chiphpug	0	Developer
plural	chiphpug	0	Developer
richardlynch	chiphpug	1	No specific role
susfour	chiphpug	1	Developer
tabbey	chiphpug	1	Project Manager
webdevguy1	chiphpug	0	Developer
wtblanchard	chiphpug	0	Developer
alan_borsato	chiron	1	No specific role
ajduncan_1	chisel	1	No specific role
randomskk	chisel	0	Developer
drake42	chlorine	1	No specific role
chobit	chobits	1	All-Hands Person
grochart	choco	1	Developer
g_richaud	choco	0	Developer
hadrien	choco	1	Developer
laburthe	choco	1	Project Manager
menana	choco	0	Developer
njussien	choco	1	Project Manager
thierry_benoist	choco	1	Developer
lilygliding	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
mararsh	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
godane	chrisx	1	No specific role
mlipper	chronicj	1	No specific role
chickenmoo	chrono	1	Project Manager
levicm	chronometer	1	No specific role
noyasoft	chttpclient	1	No specific role
shangweizhi	chttpclient	0	Developer
clip	ciaoprolog	1	Developer
mcarro	ciaoprolog	1	No specific role
alessage	ciclope	1	No specific role
wjbaird	cidc	1	No specific role
meterman	cidee	1	No specific role
cismet	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
martinscholl	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
pdihe	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
thofmann	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
thorstenhell	cids-toolkit	1	Project Manager
nickel	cigmas	1	Developer
silverlime	cigmas	1	Project Manager
anncatherine	cil-parser	0	Developer
georgeck	cil-parser	1	Project Manager
bradleykuszmaul	cilk	1	No specific role
jng	cilk	1	No specific role
matley	cilk	1	No specific role
ronounours	cimg	1	Project Manager
derletztekick	circlefitting3d	1	No specific role
sticksoftware	circularslider	1	No specific role
garethnelsonuk	citric	1	Developer
lordvitto	citric	1	Graphic/Other Designer
btol45	cjan	1	Project Manager
gregor42	cjan	1	Analysis / Design
michael_davey	cjan	1	Project Manager
perja	cjan	0	Analysis / Design
zebdefrar	cjan	1	Developer
nudge	cjavaipc	1	No specific role
aton30	ckii1	1	No specific role
stefanbjarni	cl-eclispe	1	No specific role
r790	cl-edit	1	No specific role
emu	cl-ldap	1	No specific role
binary_w0lf	cl-matrix	1	No specific role
aerique	cl-sdl	1	Developer
emu	cl-sdl	1	Project Manager
japj	clanlib	1	Developer
mstarch	clanlib	1	Developer
rombust	clanlib	0	Developer
sphair	clanlib	1	Developer
gianp	claro	1	Developer
marshals	claro	0	Developer
ozterminal	claro	1	Developer
holding-account	class-suite	1	No specific role
rcromer	classbrowser	1	No specific role
tanmaykm	classeditor	1	No specific role
acme	classfile-perl	1	No specific role
andrey_goodman	classfinder	0	Developer
bebe700	classfinder	0	Developer
blourencolopes	classfinder	0	Developer
boguslawfraszko	classfinder	1	Unix Admin
clyde008	classfinder	0	Developer
dekaaked	classfinder	0	Developer
elation	classfinder	1	Project Manager
g6liu	classfinder	0	Developer
georgievh	classfinder	0	Developer
giulio79	classfinder	0	Developer
hgbentley	classfinder	0	Developer
jasonli_uk	classfinder	0	Developer
johntsiokos	classfinder	0	Developer
lu_li	classfinder	1	Developer
mmallia	classfinder	0	Developer
mr_dhafer	classfinder	0	Developer
nikitakoselev	classfinder	0	Developer
paul-val-van-bc	classfinder	0	Developer
piotrekfronc	classfinder	0	Developer
qiaoc	classfinder	0	Developer
sinan12	classfinder	0	No specific role
zack123	classfinder	0	Developer
oscarxie	classftp	1	No specific role
liviu_aurelian	classgraph	1	No specific role
avner78	classlocator	1	Developer
danikenan	classlocator	1	No specific role
fikin	classmarshaling	1	No specific role
jorge_guerra	classreader	1	No specific role
jstevh	classviewer	1	Project Manager
derijkp	classytcl	1	No specific role
bu_jiva18	clawlib	1	Developer
cyberfreak	clawlib	0	Developer
jcguevarap	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
mindstorm2600	clawlib	1	No specific role
shishio	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
virtualcasino	clawlib	0	Developer
daniel_yokomizo	clcl	1	Developer
szuwalski	cle	1	Project Manager
wiering	cleangl	1	No specific role
blackhorus	cleanhandler	1	No specific role
lethevert	cleanoptenv	1	No specific role
torstein	cleanux	1	Developer
willum	cleanux	1	Developer
caj	clear-box	0	Editorial/Content Writer
davidhutton	clear-box	0	Tester
purplechap	clear-box	1	Project Manager
vsprog	clear-box	0	Developer
tysinsh	clematis	1	No specific role
xdegaye	clewn	1	Project Manager
espen	clg	1	No specific role
ptw419	cli-dasm	1	No specific role
damato	clib2	0	No specific role
hfrieden	clib2	0	No specific role
obarthel	clib2	1	No specific role
sba	clib2	0	No specific role
tfrieden	clib2	0	No specific role
theantony	clib2	0	No specific role
dkaufman	clicksql	1	No specific role
cissmjg	clipsinterface	1	No specific role
marktoml	clipsinterface	1	Developer
rvinyard	clipsmm	1	No specific role
airfoyle	clocc	0	Developer
cfourier	clocc	0	No specific role
donc	clocc	0	No specific role
frank_adrian	clocc	0	Developer
gbyers	clocc	0	Developer
haible	clocc	0	No specific role
kaelin	clocc	0	No specific role
kevinrosenberg	clocc	0	Developer
lhunter	clocc	0	Developer
liam	clocc	0	No specific role
marcoxa	clocc	1	No specific role
pfdietz	clocc	0	Developer
pvaneynd	clocc	1	No specific role
rtoy	clocc	0	No specific role
sds	clocc	1	No specific role
smk	clocc	1	No specific role
stig	clocc	0	No specific role
mattbiehl	cloneanalyzer	1	No specific role
olafseng	cloneanalyzer	1	Project Manager
sbellon	cloneval	1	No specific role
crsadun	clopt	1	No specific role
matomira	clore	1	No specific role
azola7	cloudquest	0	Developer
bunninator	cloudquest	1	No specific role
lavii	clovis	1	No specific role
horvathsm	clrunner	1	No specific role
prosenjit	clumper	1	No specific role
jsedwards	clutil	1	No specific role
agathocles	clx-report	0	Developer
alcir	clx-report	0	Developer
bcleal	clx-report	0	Developer
danilo_lr	clx-report	0	Developer
dennisrosa	clx-report	0	Developer
edbort	clx-report	0	Developer
galadhon	clx-report	1	Unix Admin
gampert	clx-report	0	Developer
gostt	clx-report	0	Developer
jalberto	clx-report	0	Developer
jonathas	clx-report	1	Project Manager
leonardols	clx-report	0	Developer
louzada	clx-report	0	Developer
lrreine	clx-report	0	Developer
luizaujr	clx-report	0	Developer
petiz	clx-report	0	Developer
rafaelgarcia	clx-report	0	Developer
rogerbip	clx-report	0	Developer
softmaxbr	clx-report	0	Developer
chrismo	clxmlserial	1	Project Manager
harryo	clxmlserial	0	Developer
meink	clxmlserial	0	Developer
jdppm7	cmage	0	Developer
terminusdv	cmage	1	No specific role
cneise	cmdl	1	No specific role
billharrison	cme	0	Developer
kruskal	cme	0	Developer
ossher	cme	0	Developer
tarr	cme	0	Developer
whkchung	cme	1	No specific role
mervz22	cmis-ajax	1	No specific role
daniel_braun	cmpbuilder	1	Developer
kurifu	cmrnsp	1	No specific role
cnamoo	cnamoomodeler	1	No specific role
alexvn	cncc	1	No specific role
cnpack	cnwizards	1	No specific role
yygw	cnwizards	1	Project Manager
crstn_udrea	co2	0	No specific role
masoft	co2	0	No specific role
ramin_zaghi	co2	1	No specific role
chanh	coaddons	1	Developer
coaddons	coaddons	1	No specific role
riftit	coadunation	1	No specific role
megid	coat	1	No specific role
fbenedictti	cobol-dbms	1	Project Manager
joernt	cobold	0	Developer
ollix	cobold	1	Developer
unl	cobold	1	Developer
aharper	cobolic	1	Project Manager
delinchant	cobox	0	Developer
vincekazuya	cobox	1	Project Manager
antonioprado	cobrabanco	1	Project Manager
whatdidyoudo	cobrascript	1	No specific role
sporkstorms	cocoadialog	1	No specific role
jongampark	cocoaguidgen	1	No specific role
andrea_delucia	coconut	0	Project Manager
frazur	coconut	0	Developer
mdipenta	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
roliveto	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
steel_wheels	coconut-lib	1	No specific role
agnar	coda	1	No specific role
mkerbiquet	code-browser	1	No specific role
stefmtl	code-nav	1	No specific role
alpha42	code-x	0	Developer
e_weijmans	code-x	0	Developer
hollifm	code-x	0	Developer
kevaz	code-x	0	Developer
shankarpatil	code-x	0	Developer
shawnkhall	code-x	1	All-Hands Person
electrojavier	code2pdf	1	No specific role
mteel	codeanalyze-gpl	1	No specific role
aguevara24	codebook	0	Developer
esparta	codebook	0	Developer
garykrell	codebook	0	No specific role
gavilan	codebook	0	Developer
markstanton	codebook	0	Developer
mikepratt	codebook	0	Developer
msborg	codebook	1	Developer
privera1	codebook	0	Developer
sjison	codebook	0	Developer
venussoftop	codebook	0	Developer
kprobst	codebox	1	No specific role
cclay	codecommander	0	No specific role
chicane	codecommander	1	No specific role
aaronbockover	codeconnect	1	All-Hands Person
countjoe	codeconnector	1	Project Manager
mcjabberz	coded	1	No specific role
zaxus	codemetrics	1	No specific role
ceedrick	codename-alex	0	Developer
dryxel	codename-alex	0	Tester
insanemind	codename-alex	0	Developer
orngrimm	codename-alex	0	Tester
quintok	codename-alex	0	Developer
roadkill16	codename-alex	0	Developer
scriptfellow	codename-alex	1	Developer
sidthewicked	codename-alex	0	Developer
warlocke	codename-alex	0	Developer
wes32980	codename-alex	0	Doc Writer
wza	codename-alex	1	Project Manager
codename21	codename21	1	No specific role
anblin	codenote	1	Developer
stefano_verna	codenote	1	No specific role
kgilpin	codeometer	1	No specific role
paulpreece	codepad	1	No specific role
mondalaci	coder-keymaps	1	No specific role
haruyama	coderidge	1	Developer
ueno	coderidge	1	No specific role
yoya	coderidge	1	Developer
bourilkov	codesh	1	No specific role
colinat	codeshine	1	No specific role
foosel	codeslang	1	No specific role
jbishop	codeslinger	1	No specific role
hectorcaban	codesourceproj	1	No specific role
webspy	codestats	1	No specific role
ruskim	codestore	1	No specific role
adnova	codetohtml	1	No specific role
aburrido1805	codev	0	Developer
benrose111488	codev	0	Developer
beyond_wyc	codev	0	Developer
dmcnicol	codev	0	Developer
james_e	codev	0	Developer
narentumkur	codev	0	Developer
ratchet	codev	1	Project Manager
vchan	codev	0	Developer
amir	codeweb	1	No specific role
conjurerprime	codex-2001	1	No specific role
believe_in_geek	codfig	1	No specific role
cmmdevries	codfig	0	Developer
c0demangler	codon	1	No specific role
bluffel	coengines	1	No specific role
rjlorimer	coffeeby1	1	No specific role
the_mindstorm	coffeeby1	0	Developer
dussere	colcows	1	Developer
esnard	colcows	1	Developer
photoneffect	coldet	1	No specific role
jamesk89	coldetdotnet	1	No specific role
doylemikej	coldunit	0	Developer
mmhohman	coldunit	1	Project Manager
rsutphin	coldunit	0	No specific role
arc116	coliseum	1	Project Manager
racon	coliseum	1	Developer
melq	collection-cpp	1	No specific role
polushin	collections-j15	1	No specific role
chrislambrou	collections15	1	No specific role
kennethxu	collections15	1	No specific role
lbrucher	collections15	0	Developer
mfranceschini	collections15	0	Developer
cfaerber	color-calc	1	No specific role
daveewart	colordiff	1	No specific role
ievlev	colorifer	1	No specific role
voins	colorifer	0	Developer
ariejan	colt	1	No specific role
jtiger2005	columns4eclipse	1	No specific role
lvalics	comcenter	1	No specific role
irl2dvolaw	comconbre	1	No specific role
merkuriev	comedia	0	Developer
nilostep	comedia	0	Developer
seroukhov	comedia	1	Project Manager
dennis-me	comicviewernet	1	No specific role
scraatz	comitatuscommon	1	No specific role
peterfriedland	comjava	1	No specific role
darkmonk2000	commandlinenet	1	No specific role
psychotron	commbean	1	Project Manager
inowland	commentreflower	1	No specific role
billandersen	common-logic	1	No specific role
stupenrose	commondesktop	1	No specific role
jcfreema	commondrops	1	No specific role
johnqueso	commonjava	1	Project Manager
d4ljoyn	commonplace	1	Project Manager
crzyltlman	commons	1	Project Manager
cybercerberus	commons	1	Project Manager
mcomtois	commons-vfsjdbc	1	No specific role
americ	commontest	1	No specific role
dmhubbar	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
eagleg	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
fergusod	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
gathorne	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
hartnalk	commsvcfw	0	Developer
irvingd	commsvcfw	1	No specific role
jgherman	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
karlmutch	commsvcfw	0	Developer
michaelegray	commsvcfw	0	Developer
tmbarrett	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
alphakiller	comos	1	Project Manager
rafael-afonso	comparatorrefle	1	No specific role
alanhardy	compass	0	Developer
kimchy	compass	1	No specific role
peterbraswell	compass	0	Developer
ebizvietnam	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
ebiz_portal	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
globalqss	compilo	0	Developer
marlom9000	compilo	1	No specific role
red1	compilo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
teo_sarca	compilo	0	Developer
trifonnt	compilo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
complement	complement	1	All-Hands Person
srikpen	comprgm	1	No specific role
danesparza	comresolver	1	No specific role
theller	comtypes	1	No specific role
exortech	comunit	1	Project Manager
gabog	comunit	0	Developer
gpalli	comunit	0	Developer
henblo	comunit	0	Developer
jimako	comunit	0	Developer
kimgrasman	comunit	1	Developer
awegele	comwrapper	1	No specific role
steinhaeuser	comwrapper	0	Developer
irvazquez	comxmlrpc	1	No specific role
a_petrozzelli	concentre-xml	0	Developer
cramatte	concentre-xml	1	Project Manager
crocodile2u	concentre-xml	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
inwe	concentre-xml	0	No specific role
kaloudoff	concentre-xml	0	Unix Admin
norm2782	concentre-xml	0	All-Hands Person
oancea	concentre-xml	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
roman_huditsch	concentre-xml	0	Developer
sylverboss	concentre-xml	0	Developer
anodos	concern	0	Developer
gohrke	concern	0	Developer
hengels	concern	1	No specific role
hzeller	concern	0	Developer
jdenzel	concern	0	Developer
leonchiver	concern	0	Developer
nebulosu	concern	0	Developer
rmalitz	concern	0	Developer
sebnozzi	concern	0	Developer
shaensch	concern	0	Developer
stephanschuster	concern	0	Developer
thomas_scherm	concern	0	Requirements Engineering
sscherf	concur	1	No specific role
ivan_r_moore	condenser	1	No specific role
edankert	conduitmanager	1	No specific role
knesbitt	conduitmanager	0	No specific role
avatar	config-inifiles	0	Developer
domq	config-inifiles	0	Developer
grail	config-inifiles	1	Developer
rbowen	config-inifiles	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ta2	config-inifiles	0	No specific role
wadg	config-inifiles	1	Project Manager
shadow00	config-plus	1	No specific role
dmgass	config-py	1	No specific role
romanenco	configloader	1	No specific role
henryn73	configmanager	1	No specific role
pax09	configrw	1	No specific role
petergangzhang	confucius	1	No specific role
cabaj	congaconfig	1	Developer
mol1111	conio	1	No specific role
debscribe	conlib	1	No specific role
paintguy67	connect4swt	1	No specific role
connect5d	connect5d	1	No specific role
stephaneerard	connected	1	No specific role
cs410	cono	1	No specific role
lloydxx	cono	1	Project Manager
vklein	console-colors	1	No specific role
ectotropic	consolua	1	No specific role
alnsn	conststring	0	No specific role
maxime2	conststring	1	No specific role
baruchel	contfrac	1	No specific role
pmiller	contrast	1	No specific role
swizin	controlfreak	1	No specific role
bobafett	controlit	0	No specific role
campus	controlit	1	No specific role
eljay	controlit	1	Analysis / Design
amperp	convertdatetime	1	No specific role
hogi	conxult	1	Project Manager
nopfnopf	conxult	0	Developer
odiobill	cookieauth	1	No specific role
aias	cool	0	Developer
ammu	cool	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
angelod	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
angelyonok	cool	0	Developer
cresk	cool	0	Graphic/Other Designer
egoli	cool	0	Developer
elmarhinz	cool	1	Project Manager
gioppe	cool	1	Graphic/Other Designer
gjustier	cool	1	Project Manager
hontes	cool	0	All-Hands Person
iraf	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
petrok	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
petruliatko	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sumodirjo	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
thomas_justier	cool	0	All-Hands Person
cooldev	cooldev	1	No specific role
lannb	cooleclipse	1	Developer
oolmc	cooleclipse	1	No specific role
ypeeters	cooleclipse	1	Developer
toninonino	copt	1	No specific role
macc68	coralfsp	1	No specific role
fsesintef	coras	0	Developer
fvrsintef	coras	1	No specific role
gyrd	coras	1	Project Manager
shaozhiy	coras	0	Developer
stigtors	coras	1	Developer
vraalsen	coras	1	Developer
dalesbc	corelinux	0	Developer
frankc	corelinux	1	All-Hands Person
frankiec	corelinux	1	No specific role
prudhomm	corelinux	0	All-Hands Person
ikoniari	corepyexe	1	No specific role
pokqwd	coreserver	1	No specific role
fernandoribeiro	coronelado	1	No specific role
maurotaveira	coronelado	0	Developer
arcl	corps	1	Project Manager
wendelmaques	corps	1	Developer
wrpddx	corps	1	Developer
irosales	corsolas	1	Developer
maxtuno	corsolas	1	No specific role
cogardig	cosf	1	Project Manager
iamaphpfreak	cosf	0	Developer
livedev	cosf	0	Developer
paulmcdermott74	cosf	0	Developer
qu236161	cosf	0	Developer
vrinda	cosf	0	Developer
gstuart	cosi-dot-net	1	Project Manager
x6e6562	cotton	1	No specific role
ostersc	cougaar	1	Project Manager
tcarrico	cougaar	1	Project Manager
coachvargo	cougar	0	Developer
coder90210	cougar	1	All-Hands Person
jean_paul_33	cougar	0	Developer
rsalazar	cougar	0	Developer
shamsian	cougar	0	Developer
eydelber	countdotnetcula	1	No specific role
hwiechers	countlines-py	1	Developer
adamian	countsoftprice	1	No specific role
elena_lepko	countsoftprice	0	No specific role
liuxuan01	countword	1	No specific role
visusnet	covi	1	No specific role
covibli	covibli	1	No specific role
ken_vh	cow	1	No specific role
pudge	cpan-mac	1	No specific role
autrijus	cpanplus	0	Requirements Engineering
co-kane	cpanplus	1	Project Manager
jambe2	cpanplus	1	Developer
kudra	cpanplus	0	Doc Writer
mbarbon	cpanplus	0	Tester
tzz	cpanplus	0	No specific role
mchirico	cpearls	1	No specific role
qiminghe	cpetstore	1	All-Hands Person
mr3dblond	cphplib	1	Project Manager
svenreul	cphplib	0	Developer
boriaw	cplab3	1	Project Manager
labcn243	cplab3	1	No specific role
alteridem	cplusplus	0	Developer
apouratian	cplusplus	0	Developer
bennos	cplusplus	0	Developer
dago	cplusplus	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dyfet	cplusplus	1	Project Manager
esche	cplusplus	0	Developer
freddy77	cplusplus	0	Developer
gianni	cplusplus	0	Developer
hzeller	cplusplus	0	Developer
johnfredcee	cplusplus	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
jtalbot	cplusplus	0	Developer
kinnison	cplusplus	1	Developer
lmarzullo	cplusplus	0	Developer
ocibu	cplusplus	0	Developer
olleg	cplusplus	0	Developer
petrolix	cplusplus	0	Developer
rahulsai	cplusplus	0	Developer
richbodo	cplusplus	0	Distributor/Promoter
rossta	cplusplus	0	Developer
slowbyte	cplusplus	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
sudhanshu	cplusplus	0	Developer
yrashk	cplusplus	0	No specific role
jstookey	cpnmouse	0	Developer
mwestergaard	cpnmouse	1	Project Manager
omega1016	cpnmouse	0	Developer
berryware	cpo	1	Developer
jcolson	cpo	0	Developer
mad191	cpo	0	Developer
pattyd19	cpo	0	Developer
blprice	cpolib	1	Project Manager
grimicus	cpolib	1	Developer
patoski	cpolib	1	All-Hands Person
pmuellr	cpost	1	Project Manager
alnsn	cpp-experiment	1	Developer
kibalin	cpp-experiment	1	Web Designer
alexvn	cpp-perfometer	1	No specific role
alexvn	cpp-sockets	1	No specific role
vesa_karvonen	cpp-unit	1	No specific role
nodet	cpp2rtf	1	No specific role
robertalmeida	cppagi	1	No specific role
dmarian	cppcback	1	No specific role
chitoiup	cppcommandline	1	No specific role
intmain	cppdevedit	1	No specific role
headpigeons	cppdoc	1	No specific role
dashohoxha	cppdom	1	No specific role
daniel-kun	cppfunctor	1	No specific role
felipe_almeida	cppgui	1	No specific role
ajwans	cppisf	1	No specific role
dcbill	cppisf	0	Developer
zedpobre	cppopt	1	No specific role
kvanals	cppschool	1	No specific role
msobczak	cpptcl	1	No specific role
nilu	cpptest	1	No specific role
uly56	cpptestkit	1	No specific role
mloskot	cpptk	0	Developer
msobczak	cpptk	1	No specific role
w3seek	cpptoccmt	1	No specific role
aguiar	cpptools	1	No specific role
ecosta76	cpptools	0	Developer
kjinnovation	cpputilities	1	No specific role
emile	cprof	1	No specific role
cthuang	cproto	1	No specific role
jtoledo	cpstools	1	No specific role
bshanks	cpw	1	Developer
whitten	cpw	1	No specific role
akshatgupta	cranks	0	No specific role
aravindalwan	cranks	1	Project Manager
smiitd	cranks	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
create-info	create-info	1	No specific role
morpheus2matrix	creative-portal	1	Project Manager
jasonmr	credits	1	No specific role
dbregeon	creme	1	Project Manager
julienmuller	creme	0	No specific role
dj_segfault	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
fsga	crm114	1	No specific role
moth	crm114	0	Developer
nkadel	crm114	0	Developer
oopla	crm114	0	Developer
popovich	crm114	1	No specific role
schhabra	crm114	1	Developer
vanbaal	crm114	1	Developer
wsy	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
crsource	crossrec	1	Developer
koroglu	crossrec	0	Developer
ulflarsen	crossrec	0	All-Hands Person
warlok	crossrec	0	Developer
dr_maux	crosswater	0	No specific role
pandur	crosswater	1	No specific role
tokoe82	crosswater	1	No specific role
scarlac	crox	1	No specific role
brandonh6k	crplugin	1	Project Manager
cbilson	crplugin	0	No specific role
dotnetrulez	crplugin	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lockecj	crplugin	0	Developer
purpleant	crplugin	0	Developer
rorybecker	crplugin	1	Developer
thomashuijer	crplugin	0	Developer
ultimoamore	crudelia	1	Project Manager
nymble	cryptopy	1	No specific role
hhonisch	crystaledit	1	No specific role
taykwana	cs-adforms	1	No specific role
stevenrd	cs-ode	1	No specific role
stevenrd	cs-openal	1	No specific role
carrzkiss	cs-school	0	Developer
diphel	cs-school	0	Developer
jannelund	cs-school	0	Developer
mats101	cs-school	1	Project Manager
allan_kuchinsky	csbi	0	Developer
amarkiel	csbi	0	Developer
ecerami	csbi	0	No specific role
ffee21	csbi	0	Developer
gbader	csbi	0	No specific role
iavila	csbi	0	Developer
james_angelo	csbi	0	Developer
lkamenko	csbi	0	No specific role
mes5k	csbi	0	Developer
nerius	csbi	0	No specific role
pedlefsen	csbi	1	Developer
rmkelley	csbi	0	Developer
rowanxmas	csbi	1	Developer
rsheridan	csbi	0	Developer
schwikowski	csbi	0	Developer
stair	csbi	0	Developer
vailaya	csbi	0	Developer
uschaefer_	cscache	1	No specific role
wij2	cscall	1	No specific role
ivan_zderadicka	cscodedomparser	1	No specific role
korous	cscodedomparser	0	Developer
broeker	cscope	1	Project Manager
darrylo	cscope	0	Developer
hops1	cscope	0	Developer
jcduell	cscope	0	Developer
ms140569	cscope	0	Developer
nhorman	cscope	0	Developer
petr	cscope	1	Developer
uzi	cscope	0	Developer
yawnsoftware	csdl	1	No specific role
jsf	cser	1	No specific role
davidturner	cserver	0	Developer
hbs	cserver	1	Project Manager
poclea	cserver	0	Developer
drakmar	csharp-logger	1	No specific role
lsh123	csharp-studio	1	Developer
sdemiray	csharp-studio	1	All-Hands Person
turchinc	csharp-studio	0	Developer
wilow	csharped	1	No specific role
triso	cshroud	1	No specific role
dafmyns	csiniparser	1	No specific role
rajivdas	csiniparser	0	Developer
aqsalter	csk	1	Doc Writer
graphite13	csk	1	Developer
lordarchaon	csk	0	Developer
overmind911	csk	0	Developer
ucbmike	csk	0	Developer
aglaforge	cslogger	1	No specific role
laurentd	csocket	1	No specific role
smirk-	csocket	1	All-Hands Person
ultralight32	csopengl	1	No specific role
nickseng	csopf	0	All-Hands Person
yoonkit	csopf	1	Project Manager
vorlath	csregex	1	No specific role
msiennicki	cssl	1	No specific role
aethon	csstidy	0	Developer
brettz9	csstidy	0	Developer
floele	csstidy	1	Developer
sined_	csstidy	0	Developer
thierryc	csstidy	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
matsys	cstring	1	No specific role
jake792	csunit	0	Developer
malange	csunit	1	Project Manager
mare	csunit	0	Developer
piers_lawson	csunit	0	Developer
beer_god	csv-parser	0	Developer
fp_coder	csv-parser	0	Developer
teishu	csv-parser	1	No specific role
jacobrhoden	csv2xml	1	No specific role
codelair	csvbeans	0	Developer
csvbeans	csvbeans	1	Developer
bgkuhn	csvobjectloader	1	No specific role
cent022	csvobjectloader	1	Analysis / Design
abupon	csvtokenizer	1	No specific role
devosc	ctag	1	No specific role
dfishburn	ctags	0	Developer
dhiebert	ctags	1	Project Manager
elias	ctags	0	Developer
elliotth	ctags	0	Developer
jafl	ctags	0	No specific role
jkoshy	ctags	0	Developer
perlguy0	ctags	0	Developer
asa76	ctcl	1	No specific role
asabassi	ctcl	1	All-Hands Person
jmarskoder	cte	1	Project Manager
chris52389	ctenet0	1	Project Manager
kinuko	ctk-dev	1	No specific role
psw	ctlib	1	No specific role
hoagie6	ctms	1	Project Manager
jdbell	ctms	1	Project Manager
mkobetic	ctms	1	No specific role
stevewaring	ctms	1	Project Manager
bagder	ctrio	1	Developer
breese	ctrio	1	Developer
bschatz	ctypes	0	No specific role
etrepum	ctypes	0	No specific role
h_punt	ctypes	0	No specific role
infidel	ctypes	0	Developer
mcfletch	ctypes	0	No specific role
perky	ctypes	0	No specific role
theller	ctypes	1	All-Hands Person
bschatz	ctypes4j	1	No specific role
achaney	cuaesdk	0	Project Manager
chucksplatt	cuaesdk	0	Developer
dbethke	cuaesdk	1	Developer
dixson3	cuaesdk	1	Developer
dpottercisco	cuaesdk	1	Developer
jacapps	cuaesdk	1	Developer
jdliau	cuaesdk	0	Developer
lmarasci	cuaesdk	1	Developer
mr_vage	cuaesdk	0	Developer
secall	cuaesdk	1	Developer
wy001	cuaesdk	0	Tester
zshakeel	cuaesdk	1	Developer
fermirabelli	cuartoinformat	1	No specific role
grimreaper777	cubeb	1	No specific role
michfrm	cubeforbatch	1	No specific role
smilerliu	cuitk	1	No specific role
leewinder	cull	1	Project Manager
anilsaharan	cunit	1	Project Manager
jds2	cunit	0	Developer
brentyoung	curl-widgets	1	No specific role
friedger	curl-widgets	1	Developer
jpbl	curlpp	1	Developer
friedger	curlunit	1	No specific role
jbeekmann	curlunit	1	No specific role
simfonie	cusp-parser	1	No specific role
wmfaben	customgridview	1	No specific role
jmmcg	custwinapi	1	All-Hands Person
eyebex	cute	0	No specific role
heicom	cute	1	Developer
kerns	cute	0	Developer
nickthompson	cute	0	Developer
tat0o	cutee	1	No specific role
asimjalis	cutest	1	No specific role
mtegtmeyer	cvalarray	1	No specific role
rk87	cvarlib	1	No specific role
snikolaev	cvmlib	1	No specific role
carla_cm	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
julioaba	cvpframework	1	No specific role
mvargas	cvpframework	1	Graphic/Other Designer
scinos	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
jorgep	cvs-intro	1	Developer
lbarberan	cvs-intro	1	No specific role
tacicu	cvs-intro	0	Developer
atomo64	cvscoup	1	No specific role
zona21	cvsrepository	1	No specific role
yygw	cvstracnt	1	No specific role
bradenloe	cwc32	1	No specific role
b2e3	cweb	0	Developer
boisvert	cweb	0	Developer
bparsia	cweb	0	Developer
dphaedo	cweb	0	Analysis / Design
guylukes	cweb	1	Developer
mhgrove	cweb	0	Developer
mrpersonick	cweb	0	Developer
thompsonbry	cweb	1	Project Manager
trumpetinc	cweb	0	Developer
crusius	cwebtags	1	No specific role
rmharris	cwpapi	1	Project Manager
tjlytle	cwpapi	0	Developer
atuining	cx-logging	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-oracle	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-pygenlib	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-pyoraclelib	1	No specific role
barry-scott	cxx	1	Developer
dubois	cxx	1	No specific role
furnish	cxx	1	Developer
bio74	cxxbits	1	No specific role
danieljames	cxxgui	0	No specific role
davidturner	cxxgui	1	No specific role
dlwh	cxxgui	0	Developer
matt_trentini	cxxgui	0	No specific role
zhuo_qiang	cxxgui	0	Developer
habdankw	cxxtl	1	No specific role
baggioo	cyberbabel	1	No specific role
atomm1024	cybercat	1	No specific role
collembola	cyberwebform	1	Developer
cybercying	cyberwebform	1	No specific role
crazytmac	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
g-cyclops	cyclops-group	1	No specific role
jqguo	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
radko28	cyclosoft	1	No specific role
kaloian	cyrcho	1	No specific role
yuan_hang	cyton	1	Project Manager
czww	czww	1	No specific role
diemesa	d2vreports	1	Developer
dmortizr	d2vreports	1	Developer
afr0	d3dcp	1	No specific role
froderik	dabench	1	Developer
iwh	daboss	1	Developer
yrlec	daboss	1	Developer
sesquiped	daccel	0	Developer
snrrrub	daccel	1	Project Manager
timmmm	daccel	0	Developer
daveb	dachshund	1	Project Manager
gregh	dachshund	1	Developer
mr_dave	dachshund	0	Developer
rnm-metalogic	dacs-contrib	1	No specific role
basata	daemon4j	1	No specific role
diegocr	daemons	1	No specific role
harvinderg	daffodilnet	0	Developer
kspreetha	daffodilnet	0	Developer
leng001	daffodilnet	0	Developer
risques	daffodilnet	0	Editorial/Content Writer
vdeepakkumar	daffodilnet	1	No specific role
winprog	daffodilnet	0	Developer
trowone1	dahlia	1	No specific role
koen_plasmans	dali-prolog	1	No specific role
abhi0704	dalp	0	Developer
achyut	dalp	1	Project Manager
amitkalekar	dalp	0	Developer
randhir	dalp	1	No specific role
dizzy	dalt	1	No specific role
ragnaroek	dandelion-ecl	1	No specific role
dandra	dandra	1	Project Manager
jalizer	dandra	0	Developer
lebriquer	daoi	1	No specific role
altheengineer	dapact	1	All-Hands Person
williantg	darkpro	1	No specific role
ostersc	dartmon	1	No specific role
den01wagner	data-aware-ctrl	1	No specific role
e2jk	databasepicture	1	No specific role
youyounet	databean	1	No specific role
aeden	databind	1	Developer
adepereyra	dataexplorer	1	No specific role
cperthuis	dataexplorer	1	No specific role
pimanttr	dataexplorer	0	No specific role
oldman1004	datafile	1	No specific role
ben_walding	dataforge	1	No specific role
joeparks	datafu	1	No specific role
danbunea	dataglue	1	No specific role
sadao	dataio	1	No specific role
drolem	datajuncture	1	No specific role
unkaggregate	datamtoolbox	1	No specific role
dfernandez	datasift	1	Project Manager
didosevilla	datastructlib	1	No specific role
muenalan	datatype	1	No specific role
fzammetti	datavision	1	Project Manager
jmenard	datavision	1	No specific role
cargula	datax	1	No specific role
jswalter	date-time-4-php	1	No specific role
singchyun	datecalc	1	No specific role
wizzent	datechooser	1	No specific role
anwer	dattel	1	Developer
janschh	dattel	1	Project Manager
martin33	dattel	1	Project Manager
romanle	dattel	1	Developer
takiii	dattel	1	Project Manager
davtech	davtech-apps	1	No specific role
alberanid	daxfi	1	Project Manager
hlapp	db-connection	1	No specific role
tuxinator_linux	db-esession	1	Project Manager
issac	db-objects	1	No specific role
bimminger	dbc-utilities	0	Developer
carlo9890	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
sascha_hofer	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
hanus	dbcdom	1	No specific role
ahsile	dbconverter	1	Project Manager
alsyd	dbconverter	0	No specific role
quarkbitz	dbconverter	0	No specific role
horakdan	dbdesign	1	No specific role
aldettmer	dbexpressplus	1	Developer
bsstmiller	dbexpressplus	1	Project Manager
tonanbarbarian	dbform	1	No specific role
funnyok	dbfuse	1	No specific role
fernandolerner	dbfw4j	1	Project Manager
marconidias	dbfw4j	0	No specific role
mecva	dbfw4j	1	Content Management
taweili	dbgen	1	No specific role
bmeurer	dbh	0	Developer
edscott	dbh	1	No specific role
xfce	dbh	0	Developer
miroslavp	dbhcombo	1	No specific role
hirsu	dbhelper	1	No specific role
ikkala76	dbhelper	0	No specific role
shalinmangar	dbiq	1	Developer
varungupta	dbiq	1	Developer
amackey	dbix-graph	1	Developer
cmungall	dbix-graph	1	Developer
mjakl	dbmanager	1	Project Manager
mweissenbacher	dbmanager	0	All-Hands Person
dist0rted	dbnetwork	1	No specific role
chrisn55	dbom	1	No specific role
dbpad	dbpad	1	No specific role
jimmiyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
joniyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
mtadashi	dbpowder	1	No specific role
dbpp	dbpp	1	No specific role
marianor	dbrunner	1	No specific role
raigedas	dbtreetravclass	1	Project Manager
bdrum	dbunit	0	Developer
dep4b	dbunit	1	Developer
felipeal	dbunit	1	Project Manager
fspinazzi	dbunit	0	Developer
mlaflamm	dbunit	1	All-Hands Person
zieggy	dbunit	0	Developer
markhop	dbunit-net	1	Developer
mikma	dbus-erlang	1	No specific role
bradford	dbxml-core	1	Developer
estagor	dbxml-core	1	Project Manager
kstaken	dbxml-core	0	No specific role
chewiebug	dca	1	No specific role
denote	dcas	1	No specific role
kolic	dcip	1	No specific role
ajmitch	dcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bpointer	dcl	0	Developer
chavousc	dcl	0	No specific role
dneighbors	dcl	1	Project Manager
jediknight	dcl	0	Developer
mdean	dcl	1	Project Manager
mvantil	dcl	0	Developer
themaniac	dcl	0	Distributor/Promoter
jmglov	dclog	1	No specific role
rdm_30	dclx	1	Project Manager
luzzyacentillo	dcrteam	1	Unix Admin
degp	dday-update	0	Developer
dougday	dday-update	1	No specific role
disk91	ddcp	1	No specific role
mja	ddepp	1	Project Manager
achimwackerow	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
ikuoikuo	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
jgager	ddi-alliance	1	Developer
kenmillerukda	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
kulnor	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
maryvardigan	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
mdiggory	ddi-alliance	1	Project Manager
sandai	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
tompiazza	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
wesker1972	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
wlthomas	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
lonfield	ddrz8e	1	Project Manager
truong2d	ddt-mini-soft	1	No specific role
jg_hamburg	ddtunit	1	Project Manager
kgellien	ddtunit	1	Developer
sklakken	de-facto	1	Project Manager
uuh	de-uuhaus-lisp	1	No specific role
t_inoue	deal	1	No specific role
rmrfchik	debdocview	1	No specific role
adam_oa	debiancell	0	Developer
dannyxyz22	debiancell	1	Developer
denisvitti	debiancell	0	Developer
diegoalvarez_08	debiancell	0	Developer
einsteinnjr	debiancell	0	Developer
fnpedrosa	debiancell	0	Developer
hnaves	debiancell	0	Developer
mi007	debiancell	0	Developer
samuelcarrijo	debiancell	0	Developer
tcdias	debiancell	0	Developer
vicentealencar	debiancell	0	Developer
cybergarp777	debraudit	0	No specific role
ddaniels	debraudit	1	No specific role
stevekemp	debraudit	0	Developer
gioeleb	debugstream	1	No specific role
rossjudson	decal	1	No specific role
ursusmaximus	decision	1	No specific role
dgatwood	deck2omf	1	No specific role
pepecito	dedalu	1	All-Hands Person
charruaware	dedito	0	Project Manager
daniminas	dedito	1	No specific role
marcoslx	dedito	0	Editorial/Content Writer
kysis	dee	1	No specific role
eric_babar	deephelpdesk	1	No specific role
markus-karg	deepj	1	Project Manager
dsuarezv	defectcontrol	1	No specific role
psantosl	defectcontrol	1	Developer
xtreamer	defectcontrol	1	Developer
bs5	deimos	1	No specific role
kosch	deimos	1	No specific role
warmachine	delphi-coll	1	No specific role
mtirnanic	delphiical	1	No specific role
plpolak	delphimodbus	1	Project Manager
wpostma	delphimodbus	0	Developer
darksied9	delphinet	1	No specific role
rahul24x7	delphinet	0	Developer
rlz_marcus	delphinet	1	No specific role
sfock	delphinet	0	Developer
svenreichard	delphinet	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tcrouch	delphinet	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
wcmcgr01	delphinet	0	Developer
wodge	delphinet	0	Developer
hdalis	delphisci	1	Project Manager
xayam	delphito	1	No specific role
xup14936	delphiwab	1	No specific role
marcduerst	delphixref	1	Project Manager
cjy	delux	0	Developer
eribe	delux	1	No specific role
zhang_2003	delux	0	Developer
charlesrkingcs	demoguardfree	1	No specific role
tessmonsta	deninet	1	All-Hands Person
denisling	denisling	1	No specific role
apm42gpl	depdot	1	Project Manager
cyent	dependensaw	1	No specific role
dmenges	dependometer	1	No specific role
iotter	dependometer	0	Developer
surfer3003	dependometer	1	Developer
trident	dephicodetodoc	1	Project Manager
jscruz	deployer	1	No specific role
weiju	deploygui	1	Developer
fzaker	designet	1	No specific role
joaoarthurbm	designwizard	1	Project Manager
schalkwijkc	desl	1	No specific role
msg	destiny	1	No specific role
bhasting	dets	1	Developer
corywilkerson	dets	1	All-Hands Person
lharkness	dets	1	No specific role
mark_godfrey	dets	1	All-Hands Person
milesscotch	dets	1	All-Hands Person
wellenc9z	dets	1	Developer
bloodsh	dev-cpp	0	All-Hands Person
claplace	dev-cpp	1	All-Hands Person
curtis8	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
drwayne	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
hongli	dev-cpp	0	Developer
peter_	dev-cpp	0	Developer
specu	dev-cpp	1	Developer
blaster666	devbasic	0	Developer
kyo_116	devbasic	1	No specific role
robsmyth	devcodemetrics	1	No specific role
sardaukarza	devconnector	1	No specific role
misiim	devcpp-portable	1	No specific role
antoprovenzano	deveel-console	1	No specific role
antoprovenzano	deveel-regex	1	No specific role
dest123	developersclub	1	Project Manager
diehard	developersclub	1	Project Manager
jimhoskins	developersclub	0	No specific role
kdencker	developersclub	0	No specific role
sumojim	developersclub	0	No specific role
zoxide	developersclub	0	No specific role
jax	devgear-mac	1	No specific role
yang_song_shan	deviceadmin	1	No specific role
stevenrd	devildotnet	1	No specific role
khemebuen	deviroment	0	Developer
mandbgames	deviroment	1	No specific role
lj4ausa	devlb	1	No specific role
puggan	devmc12	1	No specific role
andrej4000	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
codingmaster	devpaks	0	No specific role
cydside	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
effenberg0x0	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
fleeb	devpaks	0	No specific role
fryppy	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gabysoft	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
laserlight	devpaks	1	Project Manager
learnloop	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mol1111	devpaks	1	No specific role
mpuro	devpaks	0	No specific role
specu	devpaks	1	No specific role
spellbreaker	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
upcase	devpaks	0	Developer
w1nma1n	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
bigj_sal	devproject	1	No specific role
erthalus	devproject	0	Developer
ironrobin	devproject	0	Developer
ndela	devreport	1	No specific role
jlgosse	devsite	0	Developer
zyx321	devsite	1	No specific role
alecthomas	devtodo	1	No specific role
tmichel	devtool	1	Project Manager
dennys	dexcel	1	All-Hands Person
avishek	dfdedit	0	No specific role
soumava	dfdedit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tanumoy	dfdedit	0	No specific role
siyikalender	dframework	1	No specific role
bom	dfront	1	No specific role
jonasbn	dfront	1	No specific role
amoreno	dfsm	1	No specific role
jvalduvieco	dfsm	0	Developer
suy	dfsm	0	Developer
orencamber	dft	1	No specific role
carrier	dftt	1	No specific role
kloper	dgd	1	Project Manager
erparom	dhtml-gui	1	No specific role
regis	dhtml-gui	0	Developer
diabetestools	diabetestools	1	No specific role
ferrell	diablo95	1	Developer
lally	diablo95	1	Developer
turner	diablo95	1	Developer
softwarecze	diacze	1	No specific role
ecrahen	diagram	1	No specific role
liquidnet_os	dialoglayout	1	No specific role
mijklh	dialoglayout	1	No specific role
jbriggs	diary	1	No specific role
silax	diasce	1	No specific role
zsdfgtbv	diasce	1	No specific role
curedone	dicom-sharp	1	No specific role
ajitpasi	diduce	0	No specific role
hangal	diduce	1	No specific role
jaya	diduce	0	Developer
mmahathi	diduce	0	Developer
sandhya_k	diduce	0	Developer
ccleve	dieseltest	1	No specific role
bruceramsay	diffr	1	No specific role
dturi	dig	1	No specific role
cao-en	digest-it	1	No specific role
akorolyov	digi	0	All-Hands Person
andrew_ser	digi	1	No specific role
arvindkumars	digi	0	Developer
cescobar	digi	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dg_ibrahim	digi	0	Developer
idumali	digi	1	Analysis / Design
lasha	digi	0	Developer
marabella	digi	0	Developer
mihaipostelnicu	digi	0	Developer
mikheil	digi	0	Developer
mquigley	digi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
naghili	digi	0	No specific role
ombak	digi	0	No specific role
panokhin	digi	0	Developer
rbhat	digi	0	Developer
sdavenpo	digi	0	All-Hands Person
shamanth	digi	0	Developer
shamir_k	digi	0	Developer
vamirbekyan	digi	0	Developer
vyee	digi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
wemmick	digi	1	Project Manager
yleung	digi	0	No specific role
digiboy86	digiforce	1	Project Manager
matt-o	digphp	1	No specific role
svens	dime	1	No specific role
methodicalj	diode	1	No specific role
jdarling	directsql	0	Tester
royalstar	directsql	0	Tester
sahaloka	directsql	0	Tester
whity	directsql	1	Project Manager
redstar_	directxmodplay	1	Developer
red_star	directxmodplay	0	No specific role
jvilas	discorouter	1	No specific role
cmarguel	dispatcher	0	Developer
ealden	dispatcher	0	Tester
mikhail_beris	dispatcher	1	Developer
zakame	dispatcher	0	Developer
xtmouse	disphelper	1	No specific role
dbaeli	disphorm	1	No specific role
jasampler	disposition	1	No specific role
versu	disposition	0	No specific role
prosenjit	dissect	1	No specific role
shampa	dissect	0	Doc Writer
paquettem	distcctracker	1	No specific role
mark_g_james	distcollab	1	Project Manager
adamgent	distpro	1	Developer
appealing	divinelogic	1	No specific role
divlib	divlib	1	No specific role
bachew	divtrin	1	No specific role
dzenav	dizzypages	1	No specific role
bsinou	djanet	1	No specific role
cdujeu	djanet	1	No specific role
mbaudier	djanet	1	No specific role
mbronni	djanet	1	No specific role
jschmied	djbridge	0	No specific role
revusky	djbridge	1	No specific role
smeschini	djbridge	0	All-Hands Person
retpyrc	djconsole	1	No specific role
kraused	dklibs	1	No specific role
simons00	dlsx2	1	No specific role
kolonel	dmapi	1	No specific role
shawndr	dmbrowser	1	No specific role
unknown1570	dmd	1	No specific role
fsortino	dmerge	1	No specific role
dimis_marques	dms-iccavr	1	No specific role
marcuscuda	dnanalytics	1	Developer
pvandervelde	dnanalytics	1	Project Manager
kevinwilliams	dncache	1	All-Hands Person
n_molesbenfell	dncache	0	Developer
elemings	dnd3e	1	No specific role
rufwork	dnetgridlayout	1	No specific role
jonir	dnetprocessing	1	No specific role
santisg	dnetprocessing	1	No specific role
kaisert	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
mkturner	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
sgbest	dnk-parse	1	Project Manager
eliezer	docdesignr	0	Developer
outlawpoet	docdesignr	1	No specific role
woutthere	dockingform	1	No specific role
wing4bee	dockpanelsample	1	No specific role
dirkpitt2050	docoabrowser	1	Developer
ilja_iwas	docoabrowser	1	No specific role
adragos	docpp	1	Project Manager
gersonfaf61	docprovider	1	No specific role
goodger	docstring	1	Project Manager
radeg	doctaur	1	No specific role
jeugenepace	doctorj	1	No specific role
prplehaze2	doctorjopentool	1	Developer
tbutkie1	doctorjopentool	1	No specific role
kollivier	documancer	0	Developer
vaclavslavik	documancer	1	No specific role
alex_t_king	documentation	1	No specific role
pacca	dogless	1	No specific role
joelwietelmann	dojo-pal	1	No specific role
opium	dom-result-set	1	No specific role
mbs99	dom4cpp	1	No specific role
carnold	dom4j	0	Developer
ddlucas	dom4j	0	Developer
drwhite	dom4j	0	Developer
jstrachan	dom4j	1	Project Manager
laramiec	dom4j	0	Developer
maartenc	dom4j	1	Developer
mskells	dom4j	0	Developer
nicksanderson	dom4j	0	Developer
slehmann	dom4j	0	Developer
stonecobra	dom4j	0	Developer
topping	dom4j	0	Developer
tradem	dom4j	0	Developer
werken	dom4j	1	Developer
wolfftw	dom4j	0	Developer
wyldfire	dom4j	0	No specific role
yeekee	dom4j	0	Developer
yruan2	dom4j	0	Developer
cw_krebs	dom4jb	1	Project Manager
lpassey	domcapi	1	No specific role
domenico_82	domenico	1	No specific role
domiclipse	domiclipse	1	No specific role
garem	domify	0	Developer
geoffm74	domify	1	Developer
keeskuip	domify	0	Developer
lhoriman	domify	1	No specific role
skot	domify	1	Developer
marcelkung	dominator	1	No specific role
js007	domino4e	1	No specific role
jheinstein	domit-rssparser	1	No specific role
gaselli	domit-xmlparser	0	Developer
jheinstein	domit-xmlparser	1	No specific role
runardot	domiwraps	1	No specific role
codedigestion	domprofiler	1	No specific role
tool-man	domunit	1	No specific role
jlauzon	domwrapper	1	Developer
xgeoff	domwrapper	1	No specific role
donm	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
dragonfly	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
makeroo	dontpanic	1	Developer
brentworden	doodleproject	1	Project Manager
antoniorm	dool	1	No specific role
pac666666	dool	0	No specific role
enricob	dosconf	1	No specific role
medcure	dosemu-daemon05	1	No specific role
jasonyang9	dosgui	1	No specific role
empystudio	dot-net-report	1	No specific role
theiling	dot2gdl	1	No specific role
krivoshey	dotconfpp	1	No specific role
akiaki007	dotgrid	0	Developer
fdittgen	dotgrid	0	Developer
hazeta	dotgrid	0	Developer
ptnamus	dotgrid	0	Developer
s_srirama	dotgrid	0	No specific role
tanis	dotgrid	1	No specific role
tobinharris	dotgrid	0	Developer
ajdonnison	dothelp	0	Developer
eddieajau	dothelp	1	No specific role
nohero	dotlua	1	No specific role
crocgod	dotlucene	0	Developer
garoush	dotlucene	1	Developer
mabdulfatah	dotlucene	0	No specific role
projektfarm	dotlucene	1	No specific role
raduban	dotlucene	0	Developer
theiwaz	dotlucene	0	No specific role
yussef	dotlucene	0	No specific role
linkspeed	dotnetasmviewer	1	No specific role
fruitbatinshade	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Project Manager
markus_palme	dotnetdiffmerge	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
shankar_pratap	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Developer
shokshok	dotnethook	1	No specific role
davideicardi	dotnetinstaller	1	Project Manager
jentschi	dotnetinstaller	0	Developer
okrumnow	dotnetlayout	1	Project Manager
roman1234	dotnetlayout	0	Developer
molosse	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
pautier	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
poucin	dotnetmaker	1	No specific role
silkgandalf	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
stormz	dotnetmaker	1	Developer
zkitkat	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
dart	dotnetpcf	1	No specific role
skain	dotnetregextest	1	No specific role
b_brenna	dotnetscrutil	1	No specific role
dotomega	dotomega	1	No specific role
lloydd	dotsynce	0	Developer
vbali	dotsynce	1	No specific role
milow	dottesttoolkit	1	No specific role
zethon	dottoc	1	No specific role
dkrukovsky	dotuseful	1	No specific role
silverlokk	dotuseful	0	Doc Writer
aceccarelli	dotweb	0	No specific role
cesschneider	dotweb	1	No specific role
regisnet	dotweb	0	No specific role
kgilpin	dovetail	1	No specific role
scottfrancis	dovetail	0	Developer
dimitri	doxbar	1	Developer
obones	doxbar	1	Developer
doxychecker	doxychecker	0	No specific role
liberatorusa	doxychecker	1	Project Manager
markkikken	doxychecker	0	No specific role
mzeijen	doxychecker	0	No specific role
xrmaster	doxychecker	1	No specific role
dimitri	doxygen	1	Developer
hartwork	doxygen	0	Doc Writer
isaac32767	doxygen	0	Web Designer
prikryl	doxygen	0	Developer
xet	doxygen	0	Developer
ryants	doxymacs	1	Project Manager
ankhcraft	doxymake	1	No specific role
martinharring	doxys	1	Project Manager
mlutken	doxys	1	No specific role
fgarsombke	dozer	1	Project Manager
mhtierney	dozer	1	Project Manager
cretz	dozer-annotate	1	No specific role
enki	dp2	1	No specific role
rozzin	dp2	1	No specific role
coezbek	dpp	1	Project Manager
djemili	dpp	1	No specific role
ornis	dpp	1	No specific role
ssalinger	dpp	1	Project Manager
ahuser	dpp32	1	Developer
dptool	dptool	1	No specific role
paweloque	dptool	1	No specific role
peschimo	dptool	1	Developer
xor74	dr-hiss	1	All-Hands Person
ricoz	drac-cardlib	1	No specific role
ecounce	drawtiming	1	No specific role
dellui	dreamboxdev	1	Project Manager
frrpql	dreamboxdev	0	Developer
qades	dreamworld	1	No specific role
krzysiok	dres	1	No specific role
drhyde	drhyde	1	No specific role
adamkauffman	drjava	0	Developer
alphacoder	drjava	0	Developer
awulf	drjava	0	Developer
bcaesar	drjava	0	Developer
besan	drjava	0	Developer
bigfleet	drjava	0	Developer
bjwhitfield	drjava	0	Developer
brianstoler	drjava	1	Developer
c45207	drjava	0	Developer
camus546	drjava	1	Developer
centgraf	drjava	0	Developer
cmcgraw	drjava	0	Developer
coolpipe	drjava	1	Developer
csreis	drjava	1	Developer
dlsmith	drjava	1	Developer
doneske	drjava	0	Developer
dposada	drjava	0	Developer
dyrby76	drjava	1	Developer
eallen	drjava	1	Developer
eiburns	drjava	0	Developer
ejspe	drjava	1	Developer
ericcheng	drjava	0	Developer
evlich	drjava	0	Developer
goberoi	drjava	0	Developer
jasonbs	drjava	0	Developer
jbannet	drjava	0	Developer
jhsia	drjava	1	Developer
jingyi_02	drjava	0	Developer
johngarvin	drjava	0	Developer
jon-lugo	drjava	1	Developer
kaaskonk	drjava	0	Developer
leafly	drjava	0	Developer
mgricken	drjava	1	Developer
moez	drjava	1	Developer
nrhorowitz	drjava	1	Developer
prat	drjava	0	Developer
prepicky	drjava	0	Developer
rcartwright	drjava	1	Project Manager
ricerobs	drjava	0	Developer
sangaran	drjava	0	Developer
sbwong	drjava	1	Developer
sidb	drjava	0	Developer
sigma_lmtd	drjava	0	Developer
tiger312	drjava	0	Developer
tricky_t	drjava	0	Developer
ttorous	drjava	0	Developer
xiphoris	drjava	0	Developer
adrian_brown	droid	1	Project Manager
james_smith	droid	0	Developer
jmcarr	droid	0	Developer
robgtaylor	droid	1	Developer
blind_cat	dronix	0	No specific role
bmv	dronix	0	No specific role
dron	dronix	1	Project Manager
mr_top	dronix	0	No specific role
ndka	dronix	0	Developer
spwn	dronix	0	Web Designer
davecramer	drools	1	Developer
jstrachan	drools	1	Developer
jvanzyl	drools	1	Developer
mhald	drools	0	Developer
werken	drools	1	No specific role
a_barbosa	drpython	0	Developer
drpython	drpython	1	No specific role
francescoa	drpython	1	Project Manager
jay_desh9	drt-qos-man	1	No specific role
toglader	dsflasher	1	No specific role
danjrod	dsock	1	No specific role
stingray2k01	dsplus	1	No specific role
dtamborelli	dsql	1	No specific role
ellises	dssl	1	Developer
danielholmen	dta	1	Developer
darklite09	dta	1	Project Manager
wutka	dtdparser	1	No specific role
desolate19	dtemplate	1	No specific role
corwinjoy	dtemplatelib	1	No specific role
cppguru777	dtemplatelib	1	Project Manager
elegant_dice	dtemplatelib	0	No specific role
mkueper	dtexpert	1	All-Hands Person
glenblewis	dtframework	1	No specific role
jcorbett	dtframework	0	Developer
nuffer	dtframework	0	No specific role
clt-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
krl-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
munklinde	dtilib	1	Developer
rma-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
dewanto	dtreeframework	1	No specific role
mikepb78	dts	1	All-Hands Person
tetsujin	dtv	1	No specific role
yazy	duckyyazy-faqs	1	No specific role
havonte	dukebot	1	No specific role
dumbthingy	dumb-html	1	No specific role
ade_br	dumbtransfer	1	Project Manager
plillevold	dungweed	1	Developer
qlmatrix	dupman	1	Project Manager
vtoroman	dusa	1	No specific role
michael	dvdxml	1	No specific role
skipin	dvremoting	1	Developer
milosh23	dw2k1	1	No specific role
develcom_vzla	dw4j	1	No specific role
dpwhite	dwjbuilderaddin	1	No specific role
andot	dwpl	0	Developer
awache	dwpl	0	Developer
bachin	dwpl	0	Developer
ddemarco	dwpl	0	Developer
iwache	dwpl	1	Project Manager
jason_burgon	dwpl	0	Developer
lagocs	dwpl	1	Project Manager
tbornhaupt	dwpl	0	Developer
bazald	dxframework	1	Project Manager
toolshed	dxframework	1	Project Manager
dybdahl	dxgettext	1	Project Manager
jgvjgv	dxgettext	0	Developer
peter3	dxgettext	0	Developer
rikbarker	dxgettext	0	Developer
realtech	dxglwrap	1	No specific role
tigital	dxglwrap	0	Developer
doublec	dylanlibs	1	No specific role
vpassapera	dynamic-engine	1	No specific role
lasersquad	dynamicarrays	1	Project Manager
djmamana	dynamicjasper	1	No specific role
ideaplugins	dynamicjasper	0	Developer
marianosimone	dynamicjasper	0	No specific role
martingoros	dynamicjasper	1	Project Manager
jhaynie	dynamicjni	1	No specific role
farberg	dynamiteproject	1	No specific role
jneumann	dynamiteproject	1	No specific role
alien999999999	dynarr	1	No specific role
freerock	dynarr	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
gogita	dynarr	0	Developer
lieseke	dynarr	0	Doc Writer
kkanios	dynatos	1	No specific role
andreyp	dynxform	1	No specific role
ebacker	dynxform	1	No specific role
jr76main	dynxform	1	Developer
abumarsa	e-demon-online	1	No specific role
bhuvan_s_2000	e-helpdesk	1	Project Manager
sunbalan	e-helpdesk	0	Developer
bananeweizen	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
batasari	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
jgangemi	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
jploski	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
leo_forge	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
ludo167	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
luelljoc	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
maiku41	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
philipp_t	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
revoglmaier	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
richterger	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
skoehler	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
stephan_ruehl	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
sunbalan	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
augustinp	e-sqlcompare	1	Project Manager
gledson_ubuntu	e190	0	No specific role
jlohn	e190	1	No specific role
djvanmaren	e4graph	1	No specific role
hemkond	e4graph	0	Developer
jcw	e4graph	1	No specific role
jpfletcher	e4graph	1	No specific role
jyljyljyl	e4graph	1	No specific role
bwaechter	eaasyst	0	No specific role
dhaake	eaasyst	0	Developer
jchilton	eaasyst	1	No specific role
marissa_rabe	eaasyst	0	Developer
pmendes	eaasyst	1	Project Manager
pruan	eaasyst	0	Developer
saleems	eaasyst	1	Developer
tgilkison	eaasyst	0	Developer
btobin	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
oscar_the_dog	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
phil_sj	eaitoolbox	1	No specific role
eamelink	eambbparser	1	No specific role
albertbuyo	earcon-adf	0	Developer
mjou	earcon-adf	0	Developer
scamps	earcon-adf	1	No specific role
gary-barnes	eareqpro	0	Developer
martinvdberg	eareqpro	1	No specific role
mvalenty	earnware-data	1	No specific role
mwildauer	easy-connection	0	Developer
rangalo	easy-connection	0	Developer
roy_meshulam	easy-connection	0	Developer
segfaulthunter	easy-connection	1	No specific role
jmoraes	easy2d	1	No specific role
fafhrdius	easycomments	1	No specific role
bwchan	easyconf	0	Developer
ifolmedo	easyconf	0	No specific role
jferrergerminus	easyconf	1	Developer
jorgeferrer	easyconf	1	Developer
j_bermejo	easyconf	0	Developer
kortatu	easyconf	0	Developer
nnombela	easyconf	0	Developer
geaaru	easydbus	1	No specific role
puria	easydbus	0	Developer
ramo102	easydbus	0	Developer
tmajor	easydock	1	No specific role
bangzilla	easyeclipse	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blackbsd	easyeclipse	0	Developer
bmuskalla	easyeclipse	0	Developer
ecsmith62	easyeclipse	0	Tester
farialima	easyeclipse	1	Project Manager
fducros	easyeclipse	0	Tester
longbeach	easyeclipse	0	Tester
mjherzog	easyeclipse	1	Developer
mollinie	easyeclipse	0	Tester
plapointe	easyeclipse	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pombredanne	easyeclipse	1	Project Manager
primer	easyeclipse	0	Developer
arisun	easyexcelreport	1	No specific role
khaga	easyfreedb	1	No specific role
joegtp	easyio	1	Developer
thomasabeel	easyjson	1	No specific role
sohlman	easylayout	1	No specific role
cdodd	easylayouts	1	Developer
rpratt23	easylayouts	1	No specific role
ayhan	easyldap	1	Analysis / Design
orhanalkan	easyldap	1	Project Manager
rkalra	easymbean	1	No specific role
sanky_the_wiz	easymbean	1	Developer
andrewbalan	easymessaging	1	No specific role
egoricev	easymessaging	1	Developer
egoricev	easymm7	1	Developer
henri_tremblay	easymock	0	No specific role
jhannes	easymock	0	No specific role
tammofreese	easymock	1	No specific role
elmarj	easymocknet	0	Developer
jskeet	easymocknet	0	Developer
mjantz	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
mstruck	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
thierry_cattel	easymocknet	0	Doc Writer
marcaocouto	easyobjects	1	No specific role
moraisrocha	easyobjects	1	No specific role
thenuts	easyobjects	1	No specific role
easychan	easypersistence	0	Developer
janapoornavel	easypersistence	0	Developer
karthi123	easypersistence	1	All-Hands Person
kmatcha	easypersistence	1	Developer
prajendran	easypersistence	0	No specific role
agiledevcore	easyphpfw	1	No specific role
theprogramer	easyphpfw	1	No specific role
rblade	easyreg	1	No specific role
etagwerker	easyscm	1	No specific role
citizenrobertk	easysearch	1	No specific role
andrewbalan	easysmpp	1	Developer
egoricev	easysmpp	0	Developer
bjoernko	easytomcat	1	No specific role
creepy123	easytomcat	1	Developer
barthe	easyunit	1	No specific role
r0l0	easyuo-contkind	0	Developer
scriptfellow	easyuo-contkind	1	No specific role
wza	easyuo-contkind	1	Project Manager
ganeshsriram	easyupdater	0	No specific role
groscask	easyupdater	0	Developer
jmftrindade	easyupdater	0	Developer
sifro	easyupdater	1	No specific role
gsaielli	easywhois	1	No specific role
masszani	easywhois	1	Developer
easywin32	easywin32	1	No specific role
rob107	ebeanorm	1	No specific role
csimon	ebkd	1	Developer
epeios	ebkd	1	No specific role
ingo_thomas	ebnf	1	No specific role
profiploch_68	ebnfparse	1	No specific role
gpollice	ebob	0	Project Manager
imotic	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
trevelyan2001	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
kiniry	ebon	1	All-Hands Person
robertaustin	ebook-writer	1	No specific role
whitwareinc	ebookman-sdk	1	No specific role
lotharcom	ebsd	1	No specific role
berndl	ecb	1	Project Manager
burtonator	ecb	0	Developer
creator	ecb	1	No specific role
loverde	ecb	0	Developer
zappo	ecb	0	Developer
iantomey	eccles	1	No specific role
nik777	eccles	1	All-Hands Person
miojio	eclauncher	1	No specific role
yeouda	eclauncher	1	Project Manager
ac0dr	ecldbtool	1	Developer
stonyyy	eclideployerftp	1	No specific role
ervandew	eclim	1	No specific role
lak_	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
paruwo	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
pschoenb	eclipse-cleaner	1	Developer
inkredibl	eclipse-ddt	1	No specific role
mangstacular	eclipse-ddt	0	Developer
ruslanas	eclipse-ddt	1	Developer
ddossot	eclipse-dws	0	No specific role
zepag	eclipse-dws	1	No specific role
lelissam	eclipse-gwt	1	No specific role
alexeypetrenko	eclipse-harmony	1	Developer
gwagenknecht	eclipse-harmony	1	No specific role
pombredanne	eclipse-harmony	1	Project Manager
wayner42	eclipse-harmony	1	No specific role
amgad_s_youssef	eclipse-jcde	1	No specific role
johnwillsons	eclipse-library	1	No specific role
lhirschy	eclipse-picdt	0	Developer
maihde	eclipse-picdt	1	Project Manager
pineson	eclipse-picdt	0	Developer
fukuzawa	eclipse-solx86	1	No specific role
deerwood	eclipse-tools	0	Developer
linnet	eclipse-tools	1	Developer
acombe	eclipseas	1	No specific role
jcdus	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
leyann	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
margaridaromero	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
ochnygosch	eclipseclassloc	1	No specific role
antonywilkins	eclipsecoding	1	All-Hands Person
anshumanpurohit	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
benedikta	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
dark_angel	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
dlutter	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
eperez	eclipsecolorer	1	No specific role
rkosta	eclipsecolorer	1	No specific role
shackelford	eclipsecolorer	1	Developer
qualdeveclipse	eclipsedotproj	1	No specific role
ajuckel	eclipseejb	1	No specific role
spudder	eclipseeng	1	No specific role
david_biesack	eclipseexeditor	1	No specific role
chaves	eclipsegraphviz	1	No specific role
hoop33	eclipselaunch	1	No specific role
krose	eclipselauncher	0	No specific role
membar	eclipselauncher	0	No specific role
scarlson	eclipselauncher	1	No specific role
jasonlotito	eclipselib	1	No specific role
voostind	eclipselib	0	No specific role
kdhunter	eclipseme	0	Developer
setera	eclipseme	1	Project Manager
eburnette	eclipsepowered	1	No specific role
fasten	eclipsescala	1	No specific role
fulnecky	eclipsesrs	1	No specific role
taresto	eclipsestarter	1	No specific role
dkfn	eclipsetidy	1	No specific role
pbaumard	eclipsetidy	1	Project Manager
thofi	eclipsetools	1	No specific role
openacci	eclipseuploader	1	No specific role
ravs53	eclipseworld	1	No specific role
angstrom	eclpce	0	Developer
asabri	eclpce	0	Developer
fryguy101	eclpce	0	No specific role
nsando	eclpce	1	Project Manager
davoli	eclpropfileedit	1	Project Manager
mastergaurav	ecmp	1	No specific role
eidanch	ecservicedll	1	No specific role
mpagel	ecuarchitect	1	Tester
duracell80	ecvxml	1	No specific role
earthur	edanator	1	No specific role
cortex	ede	1	All-Hands Person
karijes	ede	1	All-Hands Person
laza2000	ede	1	All-Hands Person
vljubovic	ede	1	All-Hands Person
aeden	edenlib	1	No specific role
dgirard_eu	edf	1	No specific role
fesnault	edf	0	Developer
sebastienjust	edf	0	Developer
peterbecker	edgar	1	No specific role
speare	edhlib	1	No specific role
wanapu2009	edimo	1	No specific role
rayspostbox3	edisdk	1	All-Hands Person
evias	edit-it	1	No specific role
mbbx6spp	editmate	1	No specific role
jaredburns	editorlist	1	No specific role
eeuwevandijk	edk	1	All-Hands Person
alexis_wilke	edll	1	No specific role
bramonb	edm32	0	Doc Writer
pss121	edm32	1	Project Manager
tszming	edodb	1	No specific role
itumel	educationalive	1	No specific role
quantum-dolphin	educationalive	1	Developer
lenigmaus	eduengine	1	No specific role
alenico84	edumips64	0	Developer
fafa1971	edumips64	0	No specific role
filworld	edumips64	0	Developer
lacygirl	edumips64	0	Developer
lupino3	edumips64	1	Project Manager
mancausoft	edumips64	0	Developer
max83t	edumips64	0	Developer
mirkochip	edumips64	0	Developer
thetarro	edumips64	0	Developer
vannyn	edumips64	0	Developer
ddoerr	eefes	1	Project Manager
jochen_sauer	eefes	1	Developer
nicnac	eejlib	1	No specific role
efcstudio	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
shixiaodan	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
eiffel	efsa	1	Project Manager
jimweirich	efsa	1	No specific role
mjansen	efsa	1	No specific role
richieb	efsa	1	Developer
sparker	efsa	0	Developer
cminyard	egc	1	No specific role
kuthu	eggo	1	Project Manager
dvt_java	egovtyrol	1	No specific role
eweitlaner	egovtyrol	0	Developer
mjpinte	egovtyrol	0	No specific role
wholzhammer	egovtyrol	0	Developer
jamesgan	ehep	0	Developer
randallco	ehep	1	Project Manager
csimon	ehos	1	Developer
epeios	ehos	1	No specific role
emiliogonzalez	eht-base	1	No specific role
egnaz	eibcontrol	0	Developer
jneumann	eibcontrol	1	Project Manager
martinli	eibcontrol	0	Developer
volodimir	eibcontrol	1	Developer
wadimoff	eibcontrol	0	Developer
melquiades	eidola	1	No specific role
bsander	eiffel	0	Developer
elj	eiffel	0	Developer
pascalp	eiffel	1	No specific role
svene	eiffel	0	Developer
colin-adams	eiffel-edom	1	No specific role
taffkoi	eiffel-edom	0	Developer
dhiebert	eiffelfox	1	Project Manager
michaelfalconer	eiffelfox	0	Developer
rodolfograve	eiffelfox	0	No specific role
paco	eifogl	1	Project Manager
svene	eifogl	0	Developer
badawang	eimp	0	Developer
kshanth	eimp	0	Developer
loya	eimp	1	No specific role
mnaglik	eimp	0	Developer
persefon	eimp	1	Project Manager
ridesmet	eimp	1	Developer
rluong	eimp	0	Developer
vilmar	eimp	0	Developer
zlinux	eimp	0	Developer
pschoenb	einteractive	1	No specific role
josdirksen	eip-in-action	1	No specific role
eisi2003	eiselt-classlib	1	No specific role
markus-karg	ejbfc	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
sciara	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
rhartenbower	ejbvoyager	1	Project Manager
ageldama	ejgamekit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dewanto	ejosa	1	Project Manager
idueppe	ejosa	1	Developer
isarsu	ejosa	0	Developer
menzel	ejosa	1	Project Manager
rbeltran	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
richhl	ejosa	1	Developer
theri0n	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
vauclair	ejp	1	No specific role
g_karthikeya	elab	1	No specific role
andrewthegreen	element-python	1	No specific role
sbahra	elfa	1	No specific role
oklan	elfdump	1	No specific role
minimalism	elfembed	1	No specific role
vektor	elfembed	1	Developer
adrozdov2005	elips	1	All-Hands Person
a_ilyin	elips	0	Developer
edr94200	elips	0	Developer
epsino	elips	0	Developer
jacob.costa	elips	0	Developer
jguridi	elips	0	Developer
meh123	elips	0	Developer
opinionplugin	elips	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
phoebusbr	elips	0	Developer
skidvd	elips	0	Developer
toroparado	elips	0	Developer
ydeydier	elips	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
christie	elisa	1	Project Manager
granvil	elisa	1	Developer
sorinv	elisa	1	No specific role
halehan	elixre	0	Developer
hollowaybrad	elixre	0	Developer
javaninja72	elixre	0	Developer
jfauble	elixre	0	Developer
johnsonryan	elixre	0	No specific role
kamal_s	elixre	1	Developer
rkaushik72	elixre	0	Developer
wangmj99	elixre	0	Developer
wiljohnson	elixre	1	Developer
bsander	elj	0	Developer
byan	elj	0	Developer
dleijen	elj	0	Developer
elj	elj	1	No specific role
gmc444	elj	0	Developer
hey	elj	0	Developer
mqm	elj	0	No specific role
pascalp	elj	0	Developer
pmonks	elj	0	Developer
svene	elj	0	Developer
usander	elj	1	No specific role
bsander	elj-win32	0	No specific role
elj	elj-win32	1	No specific role
hey	elj-win32	0	Developer
mqm	elj-win32	0	No specific role
pascalp	elj-win32	0	No specific role
pmonks	elj-win32	0	Developer
svene	elj-win32	0	No specific role
waimingh	elj-win32	0	No specific role
braneloc	elric	1	Developer
dionjp	elsa	1	Project Manager
guill	elsa	1	Project Manager
apulsifer	elscr	1	No specific role
vestdam	elucidator	1	No specific role
jcg_sturdy	emacs-versor	1	No specific role
csandeep	emacszilla	1	No specific role
ivnik	emaria	0	No specific role
paranoid12	emaria	0	No specific role
rambius	emaria	1	No specific role
apdougla	ematrix	1	No specific role
dirkj	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dpharris	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
floobydust	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
ggbutcher	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
kiwi64ajs	embeddedloconet	1	Project Manager
kufer	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
n3ix	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
olofunke	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
pischky	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
sbormann71	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
tkurz	embeddedloconet	0	No specific role
wsb56	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
bsalsa	embeddedwb	1	No specific role
sergev	embeddedwb	0	Developer
johnwillsons	embeded-ejb	1	No specific role
arms22	embunit	1	No specific role
tpunkka	embunit	1	Developer
d96knut	emfsearch	1	Project Manager
fulnecky	emfsearch	1	No specific role
emiedes	emiedesclsbrwsr	1	No specific role
chennaganesh	emlvoting	1	Developer
drrwebber	emlvoting	1	No specific role
dswarzman	emlvoting	1	Developer
mmalai	emlvoting	0	All-Hands Person
larham	emo	1	No specific role
rimovm	emo	0	Developer
schank	emo	0	Developer
bernhardbrem	emonic	1	No specific role
ertl	emonic	0	No specific role
krapfi	emonic	0	Developer
drajovic	emos-framework	1	All-Hands Person
maconic	emos-framework	0	Developer
wulfmania	emos-framework	0	No specific role
mirviv	emotion	1	Developer
zander76	emotion	1	No specific role
empeeco	empeecomail	1	No specific role
rkirkby	empeg-vfdlib	1	No specific role
shadow	empeg-vfdlib	0	Developer
mezantrop	empty	1	No specific role
emulates	emulates	1	Project Manager
lorenzone92	emulearchaicus	1	No specific role
robertguite	emunes	1	No specific role
garyfeng	emxml	1	No specific role
enitsys	enaf	1	Project Manager
arsousa	encnet	0	No specific role
gcoliveira	encnet	0	No specific role
luisf	encnet	0	No specific role
paulozac	encnet	0	No specific role
prfaleiros	encnet	0	No specific role
rodrigomalara	encnet	1	No specific role
bildsoft	encryptiondll	1	No specific role
mnementh	endjinn	1	No specific role
brahma	eng3dleveled	0	Graphic/Other Designer
hvline	eng3dleveled	1	No specific role
asual	enlarge	1	No specific role
semihc	enlib	1	No specific role
azappala	enterprisejini	1	Project Manager
pcauto	entitytable	1	No specific role
chrismlewis	environmental	1	Developer
robertoles	environmental	1	No specific role
atjb	enyware	1	Distributor/Promoter
becwwilson	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
durrada	enyware	0	Developer
everweb	enyware	0	Project Manager
malloc_all	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
shepatw	enyware	0	Developer
theunixdude	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
arnost00	eobsystem	1	Developer
kenia	eobsystem	1	Developer
xob	eobsystem	1	Developer
dmacvica	eocene-php	0	Developer
moramata	eocene-php	1	No specific role
pswitek	eocene-php	0	Developer
sork	eocene-php	0	Developer
lemnik	eodsql	1	No specific role
wagner83104	epb4php	1	No specific role
willkommers	epb4php	0	Developer
csimon	epeios	1	Developer
epeios	epeios	1	Project Manager
bob_marlin	epfe	1	No specific role
markoniemi	epfe	0	Developer
croueche	epidoc	0	No specific role
ctupman	epidoc	0	Developer
ellimylonas	epidoc	0	No specific role
espensore	epidoc	0	No specific role
fiser	epidoc	1	Project Manager
gabrielbodard	epidoc	1	Project Manager
hcayless	epidoc	1	Project Manager
ilaria	epidoc	0	No specific role
jbodel	epidoc	0	No specific role
juangarces	epidoc	0	No specific role
julia_flanders	epidoc	0	No specific role
licinianus	epidoc	0	Developer
lmanderson	epidoc	0	No specific role
mdjone2	epidoc	0	Developer
paregorios	epidoc	1	Project Manager
sbauman	epidoc	0	No specific role
zau	epidoc	0	Developer
pakl	epk	1	No specific role
cjstehno	eplug	1	Developer
mforster	eplug	1	No specific role
mgebha	eplug	0	Developer
jelle78	epo-extensions	1	No specific role
afilias	epp-rtk	0	Developer
asimbirt	epp-rtk	0	Developer
ewang2004	epp-rtk	1	Developer
fotsoft	epp-rtk	1	Developer
jamesfgould	epp-rtk	1	Developer
januszlib	epp-rtk	0	No specific role
jmwoods	epp-rtk	0	Developer
lyin	epp-rtk	0	Developer
rader	epp-rtk	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
steira00	epp-rtk	1	Developer
stuartmarsden	epp-rtk	0	Developer
tubadanm	epp-rtk	1	Developer
vhokstad	epp-rtk	0	Developer
wessorh	epp-rtk	0	Developer
joeamsden	epp-ver-04	0	No specific role
lchasen	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
williamt	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
zhang	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
fotsoft	epptt	1	Developer
russelr	eprintf	1	No specific role
heder	eprog	1	Developer
mjae	eprog	1	Developer
rincewindwizard	eprog	1	Developer
atanveer	eproman	1	No specific role
holderhek	epte	1	No specific role
jonasmolsa	epto	1	No specific role
brucem	epydoc	0	Developer
dvarrazzo	epydoc	0	Developer
edloper	epydoc	1	Project Manager
jhermann	epydoc	0	Developer
kiko_async	epydoc	0	Developer
jsher	equo	1	No specific role
detlevo	eric-ide	1	Project Manager
kamikazze	erlangstudio	1	No specific role
dcaoyuan	erlybird	1	No specific role
haoboy	erlybird	1	All-Hands Person
brokenclock	errorsystem	1	Project Manager
chengetai	errorsystem	0	Developer
ixti	errorsystem	0	Developer
london567	errorsystem	0	Developer
sonicmctails	errorsystem	1	Developer
wte	errorsystem	0	Developer
andreasn	errsum	1	No specific role
theiling	erwin2	1	No specific role
cider101	esbrowsers	1	No specific role
etamin	esc-dev	1	No specific role
cocaman	escapenet	1	Project Manager
shockfreezer	escapenet	0	Project Manager
rabbit78	escher	1	Project Manager
stephent	escher	1	Developer
daimon_hall	escot	1	Project Manager
dudeofx	escot	1	Developer
pda	escot	1	Developer
spartan5	escot	1	Project Manager
xentac	escot	1	Developer
boatzhou	esde	1	No specific role
juliameng	esde	0	Developer
samtam	esde	1	Project Manager
bjorng	esdl	1	Developer
bufflig	esdl	1	Developer
dgud	esdl	1	No specific role
giniu	esdl	0	Developer
klajo	esdl	1	Developer
seanhinde	esdl	0	Developer
wickedsmoke	esdl	0	Developer
rayshi	esecurity	1	No specific role
crommettc	esiobjects	0	Developer
ferret1964	esiobjects	1	Project Manager
mbagepll	esiobjects	0	Developer
mcmanamon	esiobjects	0	No specific role
rschilling	esiobjects	0	Developer
toad	esiobjects	0	No specific role
twiechmann	esiobjects	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
zbox	esiobjects	0	Developer
cchris	esl	0	No specific role
dnewhall	esl	1	No specific role
classic	eslib	1	No specific role
erich-roncarolo	eslib	1	No specific role
mcarkan	eslib	1	No specific role
zuel	eslogger	1	No specific role
egsilva	espeak-php	1	No specific role
adityapandit	esper	0	Developer
aenon	esper	0	Developer
bernhardtt	esper	1	No specific role
dj_jhor	esper	0	Developer
lokeshrj	esper	0	Developer
mcl032	essensoft	1	No specific role
dankib01	essentialdata	1	Developer
baldo	estlogger	1	Project Manager
bove027	estlogger	0	Developer
doctorsnuggles	estlogger	0	Developer
baldo	estsearchdlgs	1	No specific role
bove027	estsearchdlgs	0	Developer
eswadmin	esw	1	No specific role
imperator5	esw	1	Developer
sword42	esw	0	Developer
jpbl	esyslogd	1	Project Manager
kraythe	esysprops-plug	1	No specific role
tszming	etemplate	1	No specific role
dev	eternity-it	0	Developer
nsanti	eternity-it	1	No specific role
dmakalsky	etester	1	All-Hands Person
jonost	etester	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ligado	etf	1	No specific role
hackerdan	etinytools	1	No specific role
ilker_aksen	etool	1	Project Manager
eae	etp	1	No specific role
eonics	etp	1	No specific role
arodygin	etraxis	1	All-Hands Person
crylex	euallegro	1	Developer
loo66	euallegro	0	Developer
ray_223	euallegro	1	No specific role
ah8	euclid-vector	1	No specific role
eugtk	eugtk	1	No specific role
m_sabal	eugtk	1	Developer
josd	eulersharp	1	Developer
mdupont	eulersharp	0	Developer
naudts	eulersharp	0	Developer
pkenens	eulersharp	0	Developer
lord_satan	eviltrend	1	No specific role
gkrueger	evolutif	1	Developer
jmenter	evolutif	1	Developer
lo_gafet	evts	1	Developer
jiyarza	ewc	0	Developer
lahtirob	ewc	0	Developer
luigi_beast	ewc	0	Developer
mballesteros	ewc	1	No specific role
afederici	ewcc	0	Developer
jeanferreira	ewcc	0	Developer
jimmytharpe	ewcc	0	Developer
qinghai	ewcc	0	Developer
rbakos	ewcc	1	Project Manager
aice007	ewerbung	1	No specific role
areutter	ewglib	1	No specific role
turnermm	excavator	1	No specific role
rhonings	excel2progress	1	No specific role
javabrigadier	exception4j	1	Tester
manager_65	exception4j	0	Project Manager
phillippettit	exceptionreport	1	No specific role
mktmk	exe2rom	1	No specific role
zixia	execready	1	No specific role
drseb	executor	1	No specific role
barang	exegraph	0	Developer
friso73	exegraph	0	Developer
joeshortsleeve	exegraph	0	Developer
karlkoenig	exegraph	1	No specific role
markpearse	exegraph	1	Project Manager
mmcmanus	exegraph	1	Project Manager
roncraig	exegraph	1	Developer
steinman	exegraph	0	Developer
sturtivant	exegraph	0	Developer
ianare	exif-py	1	No specific role
mcspy0312	exmat	0	Developer
mtlung	exmat	1	No specific role
rubyyan	exmat	0	Developer
anlei	exml	1	No specific role
julian_deville	exml	0	No specific role
sparker	exml	0	Developer
svene	exml	0	Developer
dp79	exmld	1	Developer
exmld	exmld	1	No specific role
metanull	exomeme	1	No specific role
farsus	exoops	1	Project Manager
didosevilla	expatobjc	1	No specific role
andreas_kupries	expect	0	No specific role
davygrvy	expect	0	Developer
hobbs	expect	1	No specific role
hobbs2	expect	0	No specific role
libes	expect	1	No specific role
welch	expect	0	No specific role
balisagar	expinc	1	No specific role
cangying	expresslane	1	Developer
ninputer	expresslane	1	Developer
brianvanderburg	expreval	1	No specific role
johnjones	exspiminator	0	Developer
nphillips	exspiminator	1	Project Manager
duanem	extendamac	0	Developer
fdj	extendamac	1	No specific role
guiheneuf	extendamac	0	Developer
gundrum	extendamac	1	Project Manager
meeroh	extendamac	1	No specific role
rentzsch	extendamac	1	Developer
jeromegamez	extendedjs	1	No specific role
cudi	extensibleos	1	No specific role
mplachta	extensibleos	1	Developer
xos_seraf	extensibleos	1	No specific role
david_ps	extfilesearch	1	Developer
qfilgus	extfilesearch	1	Developer
crni	extracta	1	No specific role
dominikr	extracta	1	No specific role
andrew24601	extremebasic	1	No specific role
realguru	extremebasic	1	Developer
fractor	exymen	1	Project Manager
knipping	exymen	0	No specific role
mabdog27	exymen	0	Developer
muhgatus	exymen	0	All-Hands Person
rickhall	exymen	0	No specific role
schackert	exymen	0	Developer
sidman	exymen	0	Developer
mike9010	ez2d	1	No specific role
chochos	ezcontent	1	No specific role
xenni	ezirr	1	No specific role
marcus256	ezissu	1	No specific role
typedrobin	ezlicense	1	Project Manager
locrian	ezsocket	1	No specific role
jdesch	ezv24	1	No specific role
sguruprasanna	ezvu	1	No specific role
pathfnder	ezwebdb	1	No specific role
tsvetozar	ezwindows	1	No specific role
voisine	ezxml	1	No specific role
tanisj	f1help	1	No specific role
jonny20330	f2-installer	1	All-Hands Person
ajeru	f2f	1	Project Manager
hariet	f2f	1	Project Manager
jawe	f2f	1	Project Manager
thecodemonster	facepaint	1	No specific role
albertcc	facturalux	0	Developer
amoyav	facturalux	0	Developer
andreybehrens	facturalux	0	Developer
arodriguezm	facturalux	1	Developer
baxas	facturalux	0	Developer
el_latino	facturalux	0	Developer
eog	facturalux	0	Developer
falbujer	facturalux	1	Developer
gmolleda	facturalux	0	No specific role
gpulido	facturalux	0	Developer
isaaccp	facturalux	0	Developer
jrodrima	facturalux	1	Developer
linuxx	facturalux	0	Developer
lorelop	facturalux	0	No specific role
rrubio2	facturalux	0	Developer
sanyu	facturalux	0	Developer
ssjorge	facturalux	0	No specific role
tittodiego	facturalux	0	Developer
viernes_	facturalux	0	Developer
faoron	fadingsummer	0	Developer
finellen	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
kiara	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
kroushl	fadingsummer	0	Developer
thestudent	fadingsummer	1	Support Manager
tuesday	fadingsummer	0	Developer
indeyets	faerion	0	Developer
jeteir	faerion	0	Developer
vhex	faerion	1	Project Manager
lijat	fairy	1	No specific role
adsp	fann	0	No specific role
devym	fann	0	Developer
fosf	fann	0	Developer
freegoldbar	fann	0	Developer
hawk78	fann	0	Developer
lexort	fann	0	Developer
looksirdroids	fann	1	Developer
mailseth	fann	0	Developer
psyklic	fann	0	Developer
tadpole9	fann	0	Developer
the_soman	fann	0	Developer
imhuy	fanxipan	1	No specific role
mharing	faq-it	1	Project Manager
galeon_	far-engine	1	Developer
mardulf	far-engine	1	Graphic/Other Designer
raboni	far-engine	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
coolsummer	fare	1	Developer
r0hit	faro	1	No specific role
carlwenrich	fasmstudio	0	Developer
cypher543	fasmstudio	1	No specific role
istex	fastform	0	Developer
yagel	fastform	1	Project Manager
crazy_diamond	fastlib	1	Unix Admin
duddy_j	fastlib	0	Project Manager
feathersky	fastlib	1	Project Manager
pierre_le_riche	fastmm	1	No specific role
tbulford	fastserializer	1	No specific role
bozzio	fasttemplate	1	No specific role
agraef	faudiostream	0	No specific role
dfober	faudiostream	1	Project Manager
kersten	faudiostream	0	No specific role
letz	faudiostream	1	Project Manager
orlarey	faudiostream	1	No specific role
remymuller	faudiostream	0	Developer
brlock	fault-injection	0	Developer
errhoads	fault-injection	0	Developer
kxgao	fault-injection	0	Tester
rustyl	fault-injection	1	No specific role
yzhuang	fault-injection	0	Developer
ihab	favabeans	1	No specific role
dannomite	favalias	0	Developer
jcmag22	favalias	1	Project Manager
mgogoi	favalias	0	Developer
ndthuy	favalias	0	Developer
vdeepakkumar	favalias	0	No specific role
dbrosius	fb-contrib	1	Project Manager
ehdeboer	fb-fenix	0	No specific role
iq-0	fb-fenix	1	No specific role
casinotrader	fbcommunity	0	Developer
fusemonkey	fbcommunity	1	Project Manager
gwapojoe2002	fbcommunity	0	Developer
jeannegrrl	fbcommunity	0	No specific role
jhusum	fbcommunity	0	Developer
jmemaxwell	fbcommunity	0	Developer
sithadmin	fbcommunity	0	Developer
stephenlfoster	fbcommunity	0	Developer
theald	fbcommunity	1	No specific role
denise_amiga	fbedit	0	Developer
ketilo	fbedit	1	Project Manager
porfirio	fbedit	0	Developer
ppdk	fbedit	0	No specific role
rocktheschock	fbeditor	1	No specific role
fbisso	fbissocdb	1	No specific role
spaz_man	fbport	1	No specific role
lithium_	fbstlport	1	No specific role
dottzero	fccl	1	No specific role
creinig	fcgp	1	Developer
marineam	fcgp	0	Developer
mbp	fcgp	1	Developer
rusty	fcgp	1	No specific role
streak	fcmp	1	No specific role
aitorsm	fd-doc	1	All-Hands Person
mceric	fd-doc	1	Project Manager
talbert	fd-doc	0	Doc Writer
fulldecent	fdconsole	1	No specific role
minamhere	fdconsole	0	Developer
alexyeo	fddtools	0	Developer
epsino	fddtools	0	Developer
jinbochen	fddtools	0	Developer
kennethjiang	fddtools	1	No specific role
vernons	fddtools	1	Project Manager
yanhwang	fddtools	1	Developer
teon	fddtrack	1	No specific role
sean_225	fdev	1	No specific role
stevesouza	fdsapi	1	No specific role
alexjc	fear	1	All-Hands Person
baramir	fear	0	Distributor/Promoter
desbrowne	fear	0	Developer
fup	fear	0	Developer
hamburgler	fear	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
robsaunders	fear	0	Developer
alexandream	feather	1	No specific role
jasonstracner	featuretracker	1	No specific role
drakan	fedlibrary	1	Project Manager
anthonybaxter	fepy	0	No specific role
hex-dump	fepy	0	No specific role
kf7xm	fepy	0	No specific role
mdx2	fepy	0	No specific role
sanxiyn	fepy	1	No specific role
seel20	fepy	0	No specific role
alsemm	ferry	1	Developer
nestian	feteh	1	No specific role
samuelsonline	fevb	1	No specific role
wesley_bailey	feynman	1	No specific role
t_inoue	ffc	1	No specific role
igx89	fhgep	1	Developer
pwa180	fhgep	1	Project Manager
pupeno	fiacvi	1	No specific role
mis232	fiberspp	1	No specific role
shikhalev	fibl	0	No specific role
ssmirnov	fibl	1	No specific role
aleucht	fibs	1	Project Manager
andrewpike	fidel	1	No specific role
ellswort	field-model	0	No specific role
pmoran	field-model	1	No specific role
bgrundmann	fil	1	No specific role
photog	filderwetter	1	No specific role
derletztekick	file-converter	1	No specific role
slim23	file-extensions	1	No specific role
intavg	filecanner	1	No specific role
keesfromspace	filelock	1	No specific role
billysbar	filerename	1	No specific role
dhernandezb	files-opx	1	No specific role
hagenhuebel	filetrim	1	No specific role
geit	filex	0	Developer
marust	filex	0	Developer
tokaiz	filex	1	Developer
mikehardy	filterlib	1	No specific role
saskew	filterlib	1	Project Manager
billysbar	filtersorttable	1	No specific role
toanthrax	fimage	0	Tester
yetifoot	fimage	1	Project Manager
ckarakus	financepatterns	1	No specific role
anandsundaram	financialbase	0	No specific role
wwwsq	financialbase	1	No specific role
alex319	findbugs	0	No specific role
andyandy	findbugs	0	Developer
bassclar	findbugs	0	Developer
briangoetz	findbugs	0	Developer
daveho	findbugs	1	No specific role
dbrosius	findbugs	0	Developer
dhakim	findbugs	0	Developer
freter	findbugs	0	Developer
jspacco	findbugs	0	Developer
kjleftin	findbugs	0	No specific role
ksteph	findbugs	0	No specific role
mmidgley	findbugs	0	No specific role
natidea	findbugs	0	No specific role
reformist	findbugs	0	Developer
rlazarus	findbugs	0	No specific role
rohanl	findbugs	0	Developer
wpugh	findbugs	1	No specific role
lfengl	findbugs-jdev	1	No specific role
ragskashyap	findbugsidea	1	No specific role
andhallberg	findfile	1	No specific role
marco_hallo	findresource	1	No specific role
arykz	fineplatform	1	No specific role
goldenhawk	finf	1	Project Manager
kunnis	finf	1	All-Hands Person
wyvernqueue	finf	1	Project Manager
jiglesias	finj	1	Project Manager
markphahn	finj	0	Developer
mirkasim	finj	0	Developer
bubble76	firebirdexpress	1	Developer
fire_foot	firefoot	1	No specific role
eduardovalentim	firnix	1	No specific role
maurofalcao	firnix	0	No specific role
thiago_cabral	firnix	0	Developer
atlantico	firoz	0	Developer
yourdarkside	firoz	1	No specific role
astronouth7303	firstclipse	1	No specific role
bcbell	firstclipse	0	Developer
ehaskins444	firstide	1	No specific role
istari2002	fistech	1	No specific role
cratermoon	fit	0	Developer
davewoldrich	fit	0	No specific role
gpiancastelli	fit	0	Developer
hugogarcia	fit	0	Developer
jlittle82	fit	1	No specific role
lucholaf	fit	0	Developer
mbusik	fit	0	No specific role
mfeathers	fit	0	Developer
mkelleyharris	fit	0	Developer
wardcunningham	fit	1	No specific role
apis	fit-gui	1	Developer
andreasthiel	fitnesse	0	No specific role
bjrady	fitnesse	0	No specific role
carrja99	fitnesse	0	No specific role
cbiegay	fitnesse	0	Developer
dchelimsky	fitnesse	0	Developer
firepoet	fitnesse	0	Developer
gs-fitnesse	fitnesse	0	Developer
jbrains	fitnesse	0	Developer
jonathonmg	fitnesse	0	Developer
nashjain	fitnesse	0	Developer
ppagel	fitnesse	0	Developer
robertmartin	fitnesse	1	Unix Admin
rskoss	fitnesse	0	Developer
slagyr	fitnesse	1	No specific role
dougfort	fixedpoint	1	No specific role
jgriffin716	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
joegriffin	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
bradneuberg	flashjava	1	No specific role
alexisisaac	flashmidi	1	No specific role
dzenand	flashpm	1	No specific role
flashnoi	flashservices	1	Developer
authorblues	flashstdlib	1	No specific role
ikogan	flasm	1	Developer
mjnat	flasm	0	No specific role
opaquedave	flasm	1	No specific role
starkos	flatfour	1	Project Manager
reinierz	fleeble	1	Project Manager
rjee	fleeble	1	Developer
b_a_stegmaier	flens	0	No specific role
daeladus	flens	1	Developer
lehn	flens	1	Project Manager
sfsinger	flens	0	Tester
stippler	flens	1	Developer
tonn	flens	0	Tester
vivekjoshi	flens	0	Developer
dagger_ar	flexiblesql	1	No specific role
terrydoyle	flexitree	1	No specific role
kriga	flexphpenv	1	No specific role
markbrindle	flexunit	1	Project Manager
freixas	flib	1	No specific role
markybry	flinkset	1	No specific role
alainmoran	flmobf	1	No specific role
mph76	floatapi	1	Developer
selma_daphne	floatapi	1	Developer
billme	floatingpoint	1	No specific role
floeff	floeff	1	Project Manager
escheffers	flow	0	Developer
gvdlooi	flow	1	Project Manager
rschaaf	flow	1	Project Manager
rvmeer	flow	0	Developer
rairon	floydeditor	1	No specific role
babebibobu	flprevalence	1	No specific role
jeison	flprevalence	1	Developer
clip	fltk	1	Developer
cortex	fltk	0	Developer
easysw	fltk	1	Project Manager
ercolano	fltk	0	No specific role
hime	fltk	0	Developer
jamespalmer	fltk	0	Developer
laza2000	fltk	0	Developer
leka	fltk	0	Developer
matthiaswm	fltk	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
nafees	fltk	0	Developer
nickasil	fltk	0	No specific role
ravne2000	fltk	0	Developer
robertk	fltk	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
rokan	fltk	0	No specific role
spitzak	fltk	1	Developer
trilec	fltk	0	Developer
vincentp	fltk	0	Developer
xpxqx	fltk	0	Developer
mdesmond	fluideditor	1	No specific role
odipar	fluix	1	No specific role
microwerx	fluxions	1	No specific role
devgirl	flyingcircus	1	Developer
dreamcatcher	flyingcircus	0	Developer
lalo	flyingcircus	1	No specific role
schubec	fm-and-php	1	No specific role
ivarch	fm-submit	1	No specific role
fhoukes	fml	1	No specific role
hexasoft	fnccheck	1	Developer
pere	fnccheck	1	Developer
fishnetsoft	fndevelop	1	No specific role
josefauer1980	fnr	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
smachhau	fnr	1	No specific role
mastergaurav	foco	1	No specific role
ericthorsen	foil	0	Developer
rhickey	foil	1	No specific role
rsfoley	foleyutilities	1	No specific role
benlitchfield	fontbox	1	No specific role
greghmerrill	fontwidget	1	No specific role
kg4mxz	foopl	1	No specific role
jwuttke	for2html	1	No specific role
sodemo	forasystems	1	Project Manager
mrdaemon	fore	1	Project Manager
asola	foredoclet	1	Project Manager
speedbump	foresite	1	No specific role
o_rossmueller	forger	1	No specific role
danleo	forkpackages	1	No specific role
p_raymanujan	form-builder-x	1	No specific role
cjuon	form4j	1	No specific role
cstreiff	form4j	0	No specific role
hbosshard	form4j	0	Developer
jkaser	form4j	0	Developer
phbucher	form4j	0	No specific role
colingrant	formattonecreat	1	No specific role
ianbicking	formencode	1	No specific role
gletiecq	formflood	1	Project Manager
nekromancer	formflood	0	Developer
alonsoft	formhammer	0	No specific role
asola	formhammer	1	No specific role
cfuzes	formhammer	0	Developer
gmatyi	formhammer	0	Developer
madbanny	formhammer	0	Developer
sravani	formhammer	0	No specific role
fernandoribeiro	formigapreferid	1	No specific role
rodrigoabreu	formigapreferid	0	No specific role
hboutemy	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
mlconnor	formlayoutmaker	1	No specific role
tekra	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
aeden	formproc	1	Developer
nixnixnix	formproc	0	Developer
thusted	formproc	1	Developer
acl4551	formps	0	Distributor/Promoter
buennagel	formps	1	All-Hands Person
mvandam	formps	0	Developer
regen_r8	formps	0	Developer
uskola	formps	1	Developer
w4z004	formps	1	All-Hands Person
eciloci	formulaengine	1	No specific role
estebancabezudo	formularios	1	No specific role
pdoane	fort	1	No specific role
alexkid2000	fortesreport	0	Developer
dtiburcio	fortesreport	0	Tester
felipehf	fortesreport	0	Developer
gabrieldimas	fortesreport	0	Tester
higorcoelho	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
marquinhosnt	fortesreport	0	Developer
pipitonho	fortesreport	0	Developer
ronaldosmoreira	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
weberdamasio	fortesreport	0	Developer
welvis_douglas	fortesreport	0	Developer
zoiaonline	fortesreport	0	Tester
dillie-o	fotelo	1	No specific role
ljnelson	foundry	1	No specific role
danr6	fourtools	0	Developer
eanders	fourtools	0	Developer
gmajor	fourtools	1	Developer
qa_curmudgeon	fourtools	0	No specific role
rcyr	fourtools	1	Developer
exevp	foxcb	1	Developer
pavelsh	foxcb	1	Project Manager
dgehriger	foxgui	0	No specific role
jvz	foxgui	1	No specific role
lyle	foxgui	1	No specific role
ewdi	foxserv	1	Project Manager
foxserv_epgs	foxserv	0	All-Hands Person
idub	foxserv	0	No specific role
isaac_golding	foxserv	0	Developer
pim42	foxserv	1	No specific role
wm_create	foxserv	0	No specific role
biorn_steedom	foxtrot	0	Developer
simonebordet	foxtrot	1	Developer
francom	fractalkiss	0	Developer
kissadmin	fractalkiss	1	Project Manager
pafdeath	fractalkiss	0	Web Designer
podo	fractalkiss	0	Web Designer
marion	fraglets	1	No specific role
richi	fraglets	0	No specific role
framecode	framecodenet	1	Project Manager
gmt2001	framecodenet	0	Developer
highcorporation	framecodenet	0	Web Designer
joseph1337	framecodenet	0	Developer
ignrod	framelauncher	1	No specific role
pinom	frb	1	No specific role
ahija	fred	0	Developer
manski-md	fred	1	No specific role
ahija	fredserver	1	Developer
prakljir	fredserver	1	No specific role
guilhermebf	free-package	1	No specific role
sbvb	free-package	1	No specific role
artifexx	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
huceke	free-xdk	1	Developer
justinkwaugh	free-xdk	1	Developer
tjfontaine	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
danielborges	free4project	0	Developer
rfferreira	free4project	0	Developer
sandrodennis	free4project	1	Project Manager
walterneto	free4project	1	Project Manager
allegdev	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
casanova	freeallegiance	1	Project Manager
doofus1201	freeallegiance	1	Developer
eldilotr	freeallegiance	0	Developer
leeroymonkey	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
mendsley	freeallegiance	0	No specific role
your_persona	freeallegiance	0	No specific role
drrwebber	freeb-ubl	0	No specific role
farrukh_najmi	freeb-ubl	1	Project Manager
stephen_green	freeb-ubl	1	No specific role
adrian_sutton	freecard	1	No specific role
derobert	freecard	0	No specific role
elmaco	freecard	0	No specific role
fcalain	freecard	0	No specific role
robterrell	freecard	0	No specific role
smacdonald	freecard	0	No specific role
ahuser	freeclx	1	Project Manager
amarkowitz	freeclx	0	Developer
czhower	freeclx	1	Project Manager
jt_borland	freeclx	1	No specific role
mduncan	freeclx	0	Developer
mswindell	freeclx	1	Project Manager
ramesht	freeclx	0	Developer
mankitho	freeclx4sdl	1	No specific role
dardoguidobono	freedoc	1	Project Manager
gastonramos	freedoc	1	No specific role
thjvdb	freeeibide	1	No specific role
ericb	freeelks	1	Project Manager
jfiat	freeelks	0	Developer
kwaxer	freeelks	0	Developer
manus_eiffel	freeelks	1	Project Manager
bero	freefilm	1	No specific role
imipak	freefilm	1	Project Manager
jmellen	freefilm	0	No specific role
alphakiller	freeflash	0	Developer
heldersuzuki	freeflash	0	Developer
nerd_	freeflash	1	Developer
pmatias	freeflash	1	Developer
glelston	freeform	0	Developer
mrslimedrink	freeform	0	Developer
voronkov	freeform	1	Developer
vindaci	freegetopt	1	No specific role
andi75	freeglut	0	Developer
brianp	freeglut	0	Developer
cjp	freeglut	0	Developer
dheyse	freeglut	0	Developer
drgoldie	freeglut	0	Developer
fayjf	freeglut	1	Project Manager
joekrahn	freeglut	0	Developer
mcdave	freeglut	0	Developer
nhv	freeglut	0	Developer
olszta	freeglut	0	Developer
puggles	freeglut	1	Developer
sandalle	freeglut	0	Developer
sjbaker	freeglut	1	Project Manager
spanne	freeglut	0	All-Hands Person
jljljjl	freejava	1	No specific role
azerr	freemarker	0	Developer
cameronbraid	freemarker	0	Developer
cederberg	freemarker	0	Developer
ddekany	freemarker	1	All-Hands Person
herbyderby	freemarker	0	No specific role
jhudson8	freemarker	0	Developer
revusky	freemarker	1	Developer
stephanmueller	freemarker	0	All-Hands Person
szegedia	freemarker	1	No specific role
tfenne	freemarker	0	Developer
fcecin	freemmg	1	No specific role
mgmartins	freemmg	0	Developer
rafael_jannone	freemmg	0	Developer
rreal	freemmg	0	Developer
udo_penner	freeprotocol	1	No specific role
biserov	freereport	1	No specific role
freerep	freereport	1	Project Manager
richardbarry	freertos	1	Developer
centrax	freescope	1	All-Hands Person
e-vikram	freescope	0	Developer
freescope	freescope	1	Project Manager
iceh	freescope	0	Developer
dtecta	freesolid	1	Developer
kwizatz	freesolid	1	No specific role
manjunaths	freesolid	0	Developer
sborho	freesolid	0	Developer
bknightsb	freespeech	0	Developer
carle_cote	freespeech	0	Developer
jmvalin	freespeech	1	Project Manager
maestro	freespeech	1	Developer
miltman	freespeech	0	Developer
mlemay	freespeech	0	Developer
roboticist	freespeech	0	Developer
sideshow-pete	freespeech	0	Developer
vico_27	freespeech	0	Developer
vapier	freestdf	1	No specific role
arrakis73	freestep	1	No specific role
atalagk	freeterminology	1	No specific role
juancrobles	freetpv	1	No specific role
thaveman	freevm	1	No specific role
azopteks	freewaste	1	Developer
carlos-mora	freewin	0	No specific role
jamaj	freewin	0	Developer
oskar78	freewin	1	No specific role
renomas	freewin	0	No specific role
vouchcac	freewin	0	No specific role
walito	freewin	0	No specific role
wmormar	freewin	0	No specific role
xthefull	freewin	0	No specific role
ytztech	freeworkgroup	1	No specific role
mick_mac	fret	1	No specific role
fallwest94703	frijole	1	No specific role
sajidkhattak	frisky	1	No specific role
francisdobi	frobot	1	No specific role
krphilabaum	frobot	0	Web Designer
se01015	fsbrowser	0	Developer
se01048	fsbrowser	0	Developer
wernerfragner	fsbrowser	1	No specific role
immersion3	fsdevelopment	1	No specific role
peterchen73	fsec	0	Developer
skonen	fsec	1	No specific role
jfarr	fsfolder	1	No specific role
murali_ca_us	fsgrep	1	Project Manager
djw2	fsm	1	No specific role
eviston	fspaix	1	Project Manager
juancpaz	fspaix	1	Project Manager
fbos	fstreem	1	No specific role
zatalian	ft89prog	1	No specific role
arjenmarkus	ftcl	1	No specific role
dujavi	ftdsuite	1	All-Hands Person
inolik	ftp4net	1	No specific role
achim_f00bar	ftpsynchronizer	1	No specific role
n08ody	ftutorial	1	No specific role
brcummi	fulcrum	1	No specific role
jdreid	fullcircle	0	Web Designer
pwhite2	fullcircle	1	Project Manager
fabricapo	funambol	1	Project Manager
halsteger42	funambol	1	No specific role
jason_finkel	funambol	1	Developer
nichele	funambol	0	Developer
stefano_fornari	funambol	1	Project Manager
brooke	functional-php	1	No specific role
movement	functrace	1	Project Manager
dj_butler	fundementals	1	No specific role
riaan	fundementals	0	No specific role
bettina	funkwerk	1	No specific role
funkman	furies	1	No specific role
hellblazer14	fury2	0	Developer
janusfury	fury2	1	Project Manager
stadsport	fury2	0	Tester
wip	fury2	0	Tester
sosensible	fusebox	1	All-Hands Person
kylejb	fusion-gw	1	Developer
fvpat	fvpatwds	1	Project Manager
johnlamericain	fvpatwds	0	Developer
ashokm_83	fvs	0	Developer
binaryman	fvs	1	Developer
jbing	fvs	0	Developer
shivangp	fvs	1	Developer
vlad_centea	fvs	0	Developer
wneat	fvs	0	Developer
xeraco	fvs	0	Developer
dossy	fxbook	1	Project Manager
tdjordan	fxbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
neo07	fxds	1	No specific role
agunghp	fxmlrpt	0	Developer
dmaster97	fxmlrpt	1	No specific role
tekno	fxpltext	1	No specific role
lyle	fxruby	1	No specific role
hiscapness	fxutility	0	Developer
jimdaubert	fxutility	1	Developer
jlyonsmith	fxutility	1	Developer
jmaver	fxutility	0	Developer
pdm	fxutility	0	Developer
tburnham	fxutility	0	Developer
myamato	g-inspector	0	Developer
shige-sf	g-inspector	1	Developer
gustavobt	g-socks	1	No specific role
ljubo	g2	1	No specific role
tijs	g2	0	Developer
wagner	g2	1	No specific role
ballabio	g2dlib	1	No specific role
artfulgotcha	g2f3	1	No specific role
brianmalloy	g4re	0	No specific role
jpower	g4re	0	No specific role
nkraft	g4re	1	No specific role
aviadbd	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
lumer	ga-fwork-net	1	No specific role
sirwiz	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
yuri_tsoy	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
captoblivious	ga2	1	No specific role
magse	gadesignlib	1	No specific role
orb	gadjit	1	No specific role
albamuth	galacticfront	0	Graphic/Other Designer
jebak	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
songster	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
tsayles	galacticfront	1	Project Manager
zowie	galacticfront	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
maxkhaskin	galg	1	No specific role
captoblivious	galileo	1	No specific role
rvillaver	gallium	1	No specific role
galor	galor	1	No specific role
cruise_wd	game-math3d	0	Developer
jwatte	game-math3d	1	Project Manager
pauldubois	game-math3d	0	Developer
pbrane	game-math3d	0	Developer
impik777	game-sdk	1	No specific role
adrak	gameblade	0	Developer
atomicdragon	gameblade	0	Developer
nhusted	gameblade	0	Developer
nimgil	gameblade	0	Developer
nokturn	gameblade	1	All-Hands Person
xeemz	gameblade	0	Developer
micro301	gameframework	1	No specific role
zbyg	gameguilib	1	No specific role
adammil	gamelib	1	Developer
backwardsdown	gamepower	0	Developer
darkguy2008	gamepower	1	No specific role
doddi07	gamepower	0	Developer
l_darkness	gamepower	0	Developer
mickeysofine	gamepower	0	Developer
blinks	gamma-tracker	1	No specific role
emanuelgreisen	ganef	1	Developer
llanger	ganef	1	Project Manager
shanthakumar	gang	1	No specific role
medu	ganimede	1	Project Manager
rstanciu	ganimede	0	Developer
thesfinx	ganimede	0	Developer
bopferma	ganymede	1	Developer
emillan	ganymede	1	Project Manager
ralmond	garnetlisp	1	Developer
rpgoldman	garnetlisp	1	No specific role
sds	garnetlisp	0	Developer
starseeker	garnetlisp	1	No specific role
ranf	garscreen	1	No specific role
gkello	gasqlparser	1	Project Manager
guill	gasta	1	No specific role
domivogt	gateguardian	1	No specific role
sane-trotter	gates-dom	1	No specific role
dpick	gaul	0	Tester
mckenzie_keith	gaul	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
stewartadcock	gaul	1	Project Manager
amc1	gausssoft	1	No specific role
gwd1	gausssoft	0	No specific role
ayashi	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
kxu	gbafromscratch	1	Developer
tb100	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
sdstrowes	gbamapedit	1	Developer
thekilled	gbamapedit	0	Developer
aocampioni	gbboleto	0	Developer
genilton	gbboleto	1	Project Manager
jrms1	gbboleto	0	Web Designer
kevinsmithbr	gbboleto	0	Developer
pecanha	gbboleto	0	Web Designer
smartbruce	gbboleto	1	No specific role
vitorrubio	gbboleto	0	Developer
threequalizer	gbo	1	No specific role
netsuvi	gcb	1	No specific role
gfursin	gcc-ccc	1	No specific role
temam	gcc-ccc	0	Developer
malizia	gcforcpp	1	No specific role
abfinger	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
andrearpin	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
bgbarcus	gcgreatcode	1	Project Manager
cbeaudet	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
gary_ash	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
heiko_folkerts	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
hjmjohnson	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
oleson	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
yellowsheep	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
alex_hal9000	gcode	1	No specific role
wickusmartin	gcomp	1	No specific role
alexsisson	gcpi	1	No specific role
tgmg	gcpp	1	No specific role
csmith	gcsf	1	No specific role
houchang	gcsf	0	Developer
luoyuan	gcsf	0	Developer
mada_jlu	gcsf	0	No specific role
stevemock	gcsf	0	No specific role
xwei	gcsf	1	Developer
zding	gcsf	1	Project Manager
alexgirao	gcslib	1	No specific role
michelazevedo	gcslib	1	Developer
nicholasamorim	gcslib	1	Project Manager
cjgarmar	gcweb	1	No specific role
edsonto	gczeus	0	Developer
evbasso	gczeus	1	No specific role
rjdsilv	gczeus	0	Developer
darxkies	gd-sharp	1	No specific role
figjam68	gda	0	Developer
headhunter_mdk	gda	1	Project Manager
arnesol	gdapi	0	Developer
emoench	gdapi	0	Developer
jeremysears	gdapi	0	Developer
masogato	gdapi	1	No specific role
vkbalamurali	gdapi	0	Developer
vladsfl	gdapi	0	Developer
dkionka	gdbi	1	Project Manager
rhthornburrow	gdbi	0	Developer
roland-d	gdbi	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tfmorris	gdbi	0	Developer
yalnifj	gdbi	0	Developer
robert_siqueira	gdc	1	No specific role
ndarnis	gdsl	1	Project Manager
genedavis	gdsprinting	1	No specific role
riebmann	gearthcomapinet	1	No specific role
edafnai	geckoplugin	1	Developer
ereznetta	geckoplugin	1	Project Manager
improb	geckoplugin	0	Developer
nkivilis	geckoplugin	1	Developer
flow81	geclipse	1	No specific role
spielc	geclipse	1	No specific role
jgb3	gedcom-ruby	1	No specific role
mblanton	gedcom2xml	1	No specific role
ygicquel	gedit-funcbrows	1	No specific role
arcax-ath	gekkoware	0	Developer
blacknash	gekkoware	1	Developer
compermisos	gekkoware	0	Developer
gnuget	gekkoware	0	Developer
gravedancer	gekkoware	0	Developer
gvtjongahung	gekkoware	0	Developer
h1pp1e	gekkoware	0	Developer
k001operator	gekkoware	0	Developer
marioly	gekkoware	0	Developer
pablasso	gekkoware	0	Developer
xiam	gekkoware	1	Project Manager
zody	gekkoware	0	Developer
ciceron	gel	1	Project Manager
mbrock	gelatin	1	No specific role
meenymojo	gelatin	1	All-Hands Person
asura77	gem4mac	0	No specific role
shigeyuki	gem4mac	1	Project Manager
ravemanx	geminir	0	Developer
genedavis	gemms	1	All-Hands Person
brudner	gems4net	1	No specific role
versat1474	genadonet	1	No specific role
bytethunder	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
infojunkie84	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
sverige	generic-wrkflow	1	Project Manager
marianor	genericdal	1	No specific role
angnut	genesis-ist	0	Developer
genmeo	genesis-ist	0	No specific role
luimon	genesis-ist	0	Developer
momasrl	genesis-ist	1	No specific role
stephenrank	genesis-ist	0	Developer
kram1024	genesiscomp	0	Developer
magus_spirit	genesiscomp	1	Project Manager
executor_taron	gengine	0	Developer
kojaques	gengine	0	Doc Writer
mkernel	gengine	1	Developer
pjco	geniconxp	1	No specific role
ggrosse	genie-framework	1	No specific role
linbai	genie-framework	0	Developer
munichgrizzley	genie-framework	0	Developer
anees042	geniejython	1	No specific role
slholmes	genmdixml	1	No specific role
jjolly	genp	1	No specific role
r3nh03k	genp	0	Developer
carmello	genpluginengine	1	Developer
kevin-duffey	genpluginengine	1	Project Manager
ddruff	genrd	1	No specific role
bonsaikitten	gentoocygwin	1	Project Manager
brondsem	gentoocygwin	0	Developer
opensistemas	gentooforzaurus	1	No specific role
wellhausen	genuine	1	No specific role
zl25-drexel	geo-google	1	No specific role
lambart	geode	1	No specific role
robfollett	geolib	1	No specific role
nritter123	geotiff-jai	1	No specific role
shadow71	germanmacosx	1	Project Manager
denys_p	ges	1	No specific role
petrenkomaxim	ges	1	No specific role
benbe	geshi	0	Developer
chocmurderer	geshi	0	Developer
jtschannen	geshi	0	Developer
knutaldrin	geshi	0	Developer
netocrat	geshi	0	Developer
oracleshinoda	geshi	1	Project Manager
tim-w	geshi	0	Developer
stellwag	getabspath	1	No specific role
dead_projects	getit	1	Project Manager
whyglinux	getopt-sample	1	No specific role
tramm	getoptions	1	No specific role
cbuguet	getthecolor	0	Developer
paul-gregory	getthecolor	1	Project Manager
georgeuoa	gexpa	1	No specific role
burnin	gexperts	0	Developer
eberry	gexperts	1	Project Manager
shoffmeister	gexperts	0	Project Manager
twm	gexperts	0	Developer
jcfranks	gfc	1	No specific role
cucumelo	gfclib	0	All-Hands Person
filipe_maia	gfclib	0	Developer
jcfranks	gfclib	1	Project Manager
krister	gfclib	0	Developer
zero_dogg	gfsi	1	No specific role
mlavwilson	gfw	1	No specific role
rafael_jannone	gfxlib	1	No specific role
essial	ggamestudio	1	No specific role
adamel	ggi	0	No specific role
agraef	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aldot	ggi	0	Tester
antrik	ggi	0	No specific role
cegger	ggi	1	Developer
foske	ggi	0	Developer
fries	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
fspacek	ggi	0	Developer
ggibecka	ggi	1	Tester
mooz	ggi	0	Developer
neiljp	ggi	0	Tester
nsouch	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ortalo	ggi	0	Developer
orzo	ggi	0	Developer
pekberg	ggi	1	Developer
redmondp	ggi	0	Developer
riyu	ggi	0	Developer
rohara	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
skids	ggi	0	Developer
soyt	ggi	1	Web Designer
thayne	ggi	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
vvk_	ggi	0	Developer
allenb	ggt	1	Project Manager
aronb	ggt	1	Developer
dshipton	ggt	0	Developer
jahare	ggt	0	No specific role
nonchocoboy	ggt	0	Developer
patrickh	ggt	1	All-Hands Person
subatomic	ggt	0	Project Manager
avramovic	ggtt	1	No specific role
rohanr2	ghexcalc	1	No specific role
zvis	ghwt	1	No specific role
jgperrin1971	gi-commons	1	No specific role
gstover	giggle	1	No specific role
ajoo	gill	1	Developer
housisong	gill	1	Developer
papercranescut	gill	1	No specific role
gb_architect	gimp-gpu	1	No specific role
mrijk	gimp-sharp	1	No specific role
neppanepenthes	gimp-sharp	1	Developer
oded_c	gimp-sharp	0	Developer
prokoudine	gimp-sharp	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sdarlington	gindent	1	No specific role
zz_ziled	ginits-pax	1	No specific role
daimon_hall	giotto	1	Project Manager
dudeofx	giotto	1	Developer
pda	giotto	1	Developer
spartan5	giotto	1	Project Manager
xentac	giotto	1	Developer
sjbrown	girls	1	No specific role
kurtac1	gisi-pm	0	No specific role
srk	gisi-pm	1	No specific role
mirrorsh	giter	1	All-Hands Person
ensonic	gitk	1	Project Manager
geek7	gitk	0	No specific role
ianuti	gitk	0	Developer
mrandel	gitk	0	Developer
nordside	gitk	0	Developer
sast	gitk	0	Developer
sebpaul	gitk	0	Developer
will_mason	gizmos	1	All-Hands Person
jamescaska	gjava	0	Developer
kalyan-sundar	gjava	0	Developer
porfirio	gjava	1	Developer
randomizer	gjava	0	Developer
techguyx	gjava	0	Developer
tgmg	gjava	1	No specific role
andieb	gladius	0	Tester
legolas558	gladius	1	All-Hands Person
trex1512	gladius	0	Tester
drgnslyr	glappgrapher	1	No specific role
jo2y	gleak	1	No specific role
gldm	gleditor	1	No specific role
druid-	glgui	1	Project Manager
nonamehjb	glgui	0	Developer
yeseop	glgui	0	Developer
porton	glib-bind	1	No specific role
rodarvus	glib-objc	1	Developer
ruda	glib-objc	1	Developer
dnedrow	glibc-darwin	1	No specific role
alito	glimmer	1	All-Hands Person
chicane	glimmer	1	No specific role
ryanw	glimmer	1	No specific role
cmzach	glipkit	1	No specific role
godlikemouse	glm-jsc	1	No specific role
acelet	global-environm	1	No specific role
dioli	gloomengine	1	Project Manager
kvlr	gloomengine	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
markjvickers	gloss	1	Project Manager
dazuma	glow	1	Project Manager
nagle	glow	0	Developer
rowanjames	glow	1	Project Manager
dalat	glucene	1	No specific role
elarson	gmail-api	0	Developer
johnvey	gmail-api	1	No specific role
juantar	gmbigtemplate	1	No specific role
ercan_ismail	gmc4j	1	No specific role
mike-harding	gmc4j	1	Developer
kukukuan	gmcc	1	No specific role
nathancrews	gml2civil	1	No specific role
lokan	gmlib	1	No specific role
scorpio	gmodulemm	1	No specific role
rothomp3	gmpplusplus	1	No specific role
scop	gmuck	1	No specific role
jcreem	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
karlnyberg	gnat-florist	1	All-Hands Person
krischik	gnat-florist	1	Project Manager
matli	gnat-florist	0	Developer
rombobeorn	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
martindowie	gnat4oa	1	No specific role
mikegr	gnatsbrowser	1	No specific role
jimsearle	gnatsperl	0	Developer
nuffle	gnatsperl	1	Project Manager
dbotton	gnavi	1	Project Manager
gdemont	gnavi	0	Developer
gressett	gnavi	0	Developer
jvandyk	gnavi	1	No specific role
stephen_leake	gnavi	0	Developer
pgbaum	gnocl	1	No specific role
herzi	gnome-gcj	1	Developer
osk	gnome-gcj	1	No specific role
apakkan	gnome-turk	0	Developer
camcorder	gnome-turk	1	All-Hands Person
flau	gnome-turk	1	Unix Admin
kabalak	gnome-turk	1	No specific role
sinan	gnome-turk	0	All-Hands Person
usta	gnome-turk	0	All-Hands Person
comick85	gnopaste	0	Developer
mosez	gnopaste	1	Project Manager
serhei	gnork	1	No specific role
ackahn	gnotepad	1	No specific role
dpaehl	gnsis	1	No specific role
noxorc	gnu-efi	1	No specific role
altugbayram	gnu-tr	0	Developer
apassionplay	gnu-tr	0	Developer
coltekin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
deniz02	gnu-tr	1	Project Manager
dobidik	gnu-tr	0	Developer
elmaogullari	gnu-tr	0	Developer
engin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
erdinc	gnu-tr	0	Developer
flau	gnu-tr	0	Developer
hakova	gnu-tr	0	Developer
ilgici	gnu-tr	0	Developer
imacit	gnu-tr	0	Developer
meren	gnu-tr	0	Developer
nilgun	gnu-tr	0	Developer
opheus	gnu-tr	0	Developer
ozaygen	gnu-tr	0	Developer
rorqual	gnu-tr	0	Developer
sinan	gnu-tr	0	Developer
nikitis	gnu6	1	Project Manager
elsalvador	gnubuntu	1	No specific role
dneighbors	gnue	1	No specific role
jamesthom	gnue	1	No specific role
jcater	gnue	1	No specific role
freynaud	gnuegw	1	Developer
jeluard	gnuegw	1	Developer
jfpoux	gnuegw	1	No specific role
neolynx	gnufondue	1	No specific role
jemarch	gnumadrid	1	No specific role
birge	gnumex	1	Project Manager
chulbe2lsu	gnumex	0	Developer
matthewbrett	gnumex	1	No specific role
ingraldi	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
mhagger	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
parejkoj	gnuplot-py	0	Developer
aanjhan	gnusim8085	0	Developer
nearfar	gnusim8085	1	Developer
onkarshinde	gnusim8085	0	Developer
ville.solarius	gnusim8085	0	Web Designer
conradpino	gnutelephony	0	Developer
dyfet	gnutelephony	1	No specific role
scott_bailey	gnutelephony	0	Developer
rustino	gnutellalib	1	No specific role
luciomaciel	gnutil	1	No specific role
chris74	gnuwinapp	1	No specific role
bayt	goanna	1	Developer
bobmarcum	goanna	0	Developer
bstrasser	goanna	0	No specific role
butcherch	goanna	0	Developer
classens	goanna	0	Developer
colin-adams	goanna	1	Project Manager
kwaxer	goanna	0	Developer
loryn	goanna	0	Developer
mqm	goanna	0	Developer
neallester	goanna	1	Developer
brianhammond	goat	1	No specific role
yuri_b	gobjects	1	No specific role
anlei	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
berenddeboer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
christianmc	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
colin-adams	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
ericb	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
farnaud	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
gmc444	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
hey	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
jfiat	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
karine_arnout	gobo-eiffel	0	Doc Writer
kwaxer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
majkel-k	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
neallester	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
pgcrism	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
schoelle	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
svene	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
zsimic	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
goddex	goddex	1	All-Hands Person
awwaiid	goe	1	Developer
feelicks	goe	1	Developer
worldmaker	golddotnet	1	No specific role
dawmail333	golden-light	1	No specific role
jamalsoofi	golden-light	0	No specific role
asthomps	golib	1	Project Manager
gregoryrbaker	golib	1	Developer
ndcr1023	golib	1	Developer
gomb	gomba-php	1	No specific role
fellow99	gomp	1	No specific role
csilvers	goog-gflags	1	No specific role
grprakash	googlipse	1	All-Hands Person
techieguy	googlipse	1	No specific role
gigvivek	goscript	1	No specific role
asahni	gotjava	0	Developer
cookspol	gotjava	0	Developer
gregorypierce	gotjava	0	Developer
igors	gotjava	0	Developer
jaaron_farr	gotjava	0	Developer
matt-jl	gotjava	1	Project Manager
neoflux	gotjava	1	Project Manager
rickross	gotjava	1	Project Manager
scottdelap	gotjava	0	Developer
sdelap	gotjava	0	Developer
vsima	gotjava	0	Developer
bandyt	gous	1	Project Manager
kaythespy	gous	0	Developer
pjsb	gous	1	Project Manager
ali_shabdar	gozaresh	1	No specific role
alekhin	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
batek	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
bdemuth	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
bschuller	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
chengweiwang	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
codingbear	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
deniscmc	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
dizhigul	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
dnpetrov	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
dwerwin	gpe4gtk	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
golbi	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
h4vard	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
hmersch	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
immars	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
ioodints	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
kentemich	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
kuracharybda	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
likun-liu	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
lkirtchakova	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
lukichev	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
mlukichev	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
nbmalysh	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
piotrbala	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
quick-qi	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
ratering	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
rocamendez	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
slanzarini	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
vanniand	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
vashorin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
vhuber	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
vnryabin	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
yirin	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
slizardo	gpgext	1	No specific role
undees	gpib-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
pdalet	gpib82357a	1	No specific role
tvierling	gplv2	1	Project Manager
nooper	gppfront	1	No specific role
alexsott	gpsd	1	No specific role
flatyre	gpullover	1	No specific role
a-shneyderman	grackit	1	No specific role
auctmore	grainedlogin	1	No specific role
rmihal	grammar2parser	1	No specific role
graphcontrol	graphcontrol	1	No specific role
giorgio83	graphcontrols	1	No specific role
per	graphico	1	No specific role
doobaq	graphil	1	Developer
hryczuk	graphil	1	Developer
pafinde	graphil	1	No specific role
pafinde2	graphil	1	Developer
wiktor	graphil	1	Developer
cehardin	graphiteapi	1	No specific role
acme	graphviz-perl	1	No specific role
rohanprabhu	grassroot	1	No specific role
benthurston	grasssmml	1	No specific role
base13	graysky	1	No specific role
champion	graysky	1	Developer
a-shneyderman	grdevtools	1	No specific role
dtakamori	grdevtools	0	Developer
farocco	grdevtools	0	No specific role
kaewkasi	grdevtools	0	No specific role
shaiguitar	greatmodel	1	No specific role
mipsator	gredit	1	No specific role
cbridgerg00	greenengine	0	No specific role
davidgao89	greenengine	0	No specific role
jeromiya	greenengine	1	No specific role
icelus	greenfinch	1	No specific role
wibrahim	greenfinch	0	Developer
tompr1234	greenflag	1	No specific role
c_wraith	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
jmkf	gretel	0	Developer
michalyoung	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
thundercow	gretel	0	Developer
akirschbaum	gridarta	1	Project Manager
christianhujer	gridarta	1	Project Manager
derdanny	gridarta	1	Project Manager
gros	gridarta	0	Developer
longir	gridarta	0	Developer
michtoen	gridarta	0	Developer
rjtanner	gridarta	0	Developer
ryo_saeba	gridarta	0	Developer
swegecko	gridarta	0	Developer
z0ra	gridarta	0	Developer
piascikj	gridiron	1	No specific role
t1deman	gridiron	0	Developer
barryfp	gridkit	1	Developer
p_grace	gridkit	1	No specific role
jgoodson	gridsoft	1	No specific role
calumfodder	grinder	0	Developer
jwk330	grinder	0	Developer
lemeunier	grinder	0	No specific role
philipa	grinder	1	No specific role
vmitov	grinder	0	Developer
fladder	groove	1	Developer
hovej	groove	0	Developer
iovka	groove	0	Developer
kastenberg	groove	1	Project Manager
mkurban	groove	0	Developer
rensink	groove	1	No specific role
sombekke	groove	0	Developer
vleeuwen	groove	0	Developer
jervin	groovy-monkey	1	Project Manager
ulyssessouza	groovyoneclipse	1	No specific role
hship	gropt	1	No specific role
misterdj	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
mrguide	grouptool	1	No specific role
zay	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
drmacro	grove4j	0	Developer
gra_moore	grove4j	1	No specific role
jackpark	grove4j	0	Developer
jheintz	grove4j	0	Developer
wigleys	grove4j	0	Developer
cavac	grumpfzotzlinux	1	No specific role
matt_n	grunt	1	No specific role
anunez	grupohci	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	grupohci	0	Developer
evo_lemon	grupohci	0	Developer
javapandit	grupohci	0	Developer
lpezet	grupohci	0	Developer
prashantkvc	grupohci	0	Developer
recrea	grupohci	0	Developer
reddendon	grupohci	0	Developer
rodrigo_ramirez	grupohci	0	Developer
snandan	grupohci	0	Developer
mbowler	gsbase	1	Project Manager
svetzal	gsbase	0	Developer
bstpierre	gscheduler	1	No specific role
cosmo_k	gscheduler	0	No specific role
maddog39	gse	1	No specific role
adamkangas	gsk	0	No specific role
bantham	gsk	0	Developer
davebenson	gsk	1	No specific role
gus_shaffer	gsk	0	No specific role
mrad	gsk	0	No specific role
nsalehi	gsk	0	Developer
twitkamp	gsk	0	Developer
warezio	gsk	0	No specific role
gsse	gsse	1	No specific role
ajmitch	gstreamer	0	Developer
benow	gstreamer	0	Developer
cael	gstreamer	0	Developer
colinwalters	gstreamer	0	No specific role
company	gstreamer	0	Developer
dilinger	gstreamer	0	Developer
dlehn	gstreamer	0	Developer
dobey	gstreamer	0	Developer
dolphy	gstreamer	0	Developer
dschleef	gstreamer	0	Developer
hadess	gstreamer	0	Developer
jesimon	gstreamer	0	Developer
jpritikin	gstreamer	0	Tester
jyasskin	gstreamer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
lmjohns3	gstreamer	0	Developer
mmeeks	gstreamer	0	Developer
murrayc	gstreamer	0	No specific role
nodatadj	gstreamer	0	Developer
omegahacker	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
ow3n	gstreamer	0	Developer
r0garcia	gstreamer	0	No specific role
rbultje	gstreamer	0	Developer
richardb	gstreamer	0	Developer
sackrtp	gstreamer	0	Developer
sbaker3	gstreamer	0	Developer
sxpert	gstreamer	0	No specific role
teebaum	gstreamer	0	Developer
teuf	gstreamer	0	Developer
thaytan	gstreamer	0	Developer
theuraeus	gstreamer	1	All-Hands Person
thomasvs	gstreamer	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vishnu	gstreamer	0	No specific role
wingo	gstreamer	0	No specific role
wtay	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
yippi	gstreamer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
zak147	gstreamer	0	Developer
drewpc	gstring	1	No specific role
jonped	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
ucmueller	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
brad_beveridge	gtengine	1	Project Manager
keef	gtengine	1	Analysis / Design
keless	gtengine	0	Developer
woz1010	gtengine	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pablorg	gtframework	1	No specific role
chris_y	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
csirac	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
evasilakis	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
hfrieden	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
hnl_dk	gtk-amiga	1	Project Manager
nicomen	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
shoepower	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
tfrieden	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
verhaegs	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
pcostabel	gtk-cocoa	1	No specific role
abreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
awreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
benh57	gtk-osx	0	Developer
laprock	gtk-osx	0	Project Manager
mrsid	gtk-osx	0	Developer
robinrowe	gtk-osx	1	Project Manager
sarcone	gtk-osx	0	Developer
gtk-server	gtk-server	1	No specific role
mkestner	gtk-sharp	1	No specific role
borup	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
cowens	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
dlacroix	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
dov-g	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
ebassi	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
ggc	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
glade-perl	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
gthyni	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
jcurbo	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
joered	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
kaffeetisch	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
muppetman	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
noiddicle	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
pcg	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
rwmcfa1	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
leidola	gtk2forpascal	0	Developer
mgaertner	gtk2forpascal	1	No specific role
tbzatek	gtk2forpascal	0	Developer
as49	gtk2hs	1	No specific role
dg22	gtk2hs	0	Developer
duncan_coutts	gtk2hs	1	Developer
ggd	gtk2hs	0	Web Designer
josve	gtk2hs	0	Developer
juhp	gtk2hs	1	Developer
saettaz	gtkcombogrid	1	No specific role
antoniorm	gtkd	1	No specific role
mailund	gtkeditor	1	No specific role
mslicker	gtkeditor	1	No specific role
dov-g	gtkextra	0	Developer
ensonic	gtkextra	0	Doc Writer
feiguin	gtkextra	1	Project Manager
gandy	gtkextra	0	Developer
kohni	gtkextra	0	Developer
kornos	gtkextra	0	Doc Writer
mscottn	gtkextra	0	No specific role
rgipps	gtkextra	0	Developer
rwalden	gtkextra	0	Developer
troyer	gtkextra	0	No specific role
arnetheduck	gtkextramm	1	Developer
btb	gtkextramm	0	Developer
david_larson	gtkextramm	1	Developer
gustin	gtkextramm	1	Developer
murrayc	gtkextramm	1	Developer
rottmann	gtkextramm	1	Developer
rvinyard	gtkextramm	0	Developer
tni	gtkfc	1	Project Manager
tshead	gtkglext	1	Developer
matpe	gtkhexmap	1	Project Manager
bmiller	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
robflynn	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
warmenhoven	gtkimhtml	1	Project Manager
aholzmann	gtkmm	0	Developer
btb	gtkmm	0	Developer
cactus	gtkmm	0	No specific role
daniel_e	gtkmm	0	Developer
hvr	gtkmm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jnthnjng	gtkmm	1	Project Manager
kenelson	gtkmm	0	Developer
llanero	gtkmm	0	No specific role
murrayc	gtkmm	1	Developer
mxpxfifws	gtkmm	1	Developer
olly1	gtkmm	0	Web Designer
plerner	gtkmm	0	No specific role
tdukes	gtkmm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
terop	gtkmm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
hansiglaser	gtkpas	1	No specific role
fenkys	gtkpp	1	Project Manager
mapopa	gtksharpfire	1	No specific role
ch4chiperriman	gtksnippets	1	No specific role
alainmaison	gtkspell	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
eeyem	gtkspell	1	No specific role
eperez	gtkspell	1	Developer
gauthierm	gtkspell	0	No specific role
noif	gtkspell	1	Developer
sgarrity	gtkspell	0	Content Management
gemi	gtkswing	1	No specific role
ryan_marsh	gtkswing	0	No specific role
scapel	gtkwidgexts	1	No specific role
taf2cs	gtkwireless	1	No specific role
agstools	gtkwrap	1	No specific role
lirong	gtkwrapper	1	No specific role
wengwei	gtkwrapper	1	Developer
dockurt2k	gtlregex	1	Developer
tekinico	gtlregex	1	Developer
epiotr	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gaupe	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
greatnorthern	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kabalak	gtranslator	1	No specific role
neuro	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rossigee	gtranslator	1	Developer
wingbyte	gtwain	1	No specific role
temporal	guf	1	No specific role
ferici	gui	1	Developer
gega	gui	1	Project Manager
paton	guia	1	No specific role
foof	guile-sdl	0	Developer
joels	guile-sdl	1	No specific role
newchief	guileplayer	1	No specific role
andrev	guilt	1	No specific role
gulfsoft	gulfsoft	1	No specific role
mageos	guli	1	No specific role
zincou	guml	1	No specific role
haggpe	gunit	1	No specific role
alixaxel	guns	1	No specific role
jason379	gut	1	Project Manager
tischnoetentoet	gvhupdater	1	Developer
drizzt	gvrflash	1	No specific role
misha	gvrflash	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cvollrath	gvtags	1	No specific role
adegert	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
aquamaniac	gwenhywfar	1	Project Manager
crazyed57	gwenhywfar	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cstim	gwenhywfar	0	Developer
dbreiser	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
frank-sforge	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
gkhh	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
gunnicom	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
ipwizard	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
pdevrijer	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
rbla	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
t-v	gwenhywfar	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
chrisalfonso	gwt-netbeans	1	No specific role
craigmackay	gwt-netbeans	1	Developer
rmalinowski	gwt2swf	1	No specific role
jtwoee	gwtonrails	1	No specific role
gwtoolkit	gwtoolkit	1	No specific role
erikxiv	gxl	1	All-Hands Person
mindtriggerz	gxmlmts	1	No specific role
jasonthereaper	h-xoops	1	Developer
leepard	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
migrosdata	h-xoops	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
smokingplane	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
xavipr	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hmcclungiii	h3xcel	1	No specific role
ferraro	ha-javamail	1	No specific role
ferraro	ha-jdbc	1	Project Manager
djerome	hackerlabs	1	No specific role
gaaseng	hackerlabs	1	No specific role
duncan_coutts	haide	1	Developer
josve	haide	1	No specific role
skurtzberg	haide	0	Developer
macro187	halfdecentsharp	1	No specific role
hambo_account	hambo	0	No specific role
zaheed	hambo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dredd	hammerhead	1	No specific role
etnt	hammerhead	1	No specific role
mdwyer	hammerhead	1	No specific role
nfx3	hammerhead	0	Developer
balareddy007	hammurapi	0	No specific role
dunai2004	hammurapi	0	No specific role
germinal	hammurapi	0	No specific role
jayramj	hammurapi	0	No specific role
joskulj	hammurapi	0	Developer
mucbj0	hammurapi	0	No specific role
pvlasov	hammurapi	1	No specific role
sglee77	hammurapi	0	No specific role
tasneem	hammurapi	0	Developer
tgtrspencer	hammurapi	0	No specific role
vpvaidya	hammurapi	0	No specific role
zilogger	hammurapi	0	No specific role
cismaru	hangman-ruby	1	No specific role
cayel	hanoi	0	Developer
tirsen	hanoi	1	Project Manager
doughellmann	happydoc	1	No specific role
wrobell	happydoc	0	No specific role
roblez	harbourminigui	1	No specific role
bleything	harmonize	1	No specific role
mgl	harness	1	No specific role
ncopa	haserl-gnats	1	No specific role
rsynnott	hashman	1	No specific role
francescomele	hashmap-js	1	No specific role
wap-de	hashtree	1	No specific role
ashley-y	haskell-i18n	1	No specific role
norpan	haskell-i18n	1	No specific role
pesco	haskell-i18n	1	No specific role
abayley	haskell-libs	0	Developer
arnia	haskell-libs	0	Developer
astapov	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ben-franksen	haskell-libs	0	Developer
bring	haskell-libs	0	Developer
cql	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ddarius	haskell-libs	0	Developer
demoncrat	haskell-libs	0	Developer
dmoniz	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
eleganesh	haskell-libs	1	Developer
elmex	haskell-libs	0	Developer
eris	haskell-libs	1	Distributor/Promoter
grahamk	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
igloo	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
ijones	haskell-libs	1	No specific role
joe_thornber	haskell-libs	0	Developer
juhp	haskell-libs	1	Developer
kzm	haskell-libs	0	Developer
loganhanks	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
mlang	haskell-libs	0	Developer
msjogren	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
nerdlor	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
nibro	haskell-libs	0	Developer
nrut	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
oleg	haskell-libs	0	Developer
pesco	haskell-libs	0	Developer
peti	haskell-libs	0	Developer
polli	haskell-libs	0	Developer
pseudonym	haskell-libs	1	Developer
riastradh	haskell-libs	0	Developer
tetryl	haskell-libs	0	Developer
tmoertel	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
whee	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
bereza	haste	1	No specific role
carle	haste	1	Developer
davidcrosby	haste	1	Developer
gaffneyc	haste	1	No specific role
malles	haste	1	Developer
marsiglia	haste	1	Developer
nedric	haste	1	Developer
spiffy101a	haste	1	Developer
tenharmsel	haste	0	No specific role
anglewyrm	hat-container	1	No specific role
leventyildiz	hattat	1	No specific role
xored	hawk	1	No specific role
ashley-y	hbase	1	No specific role
kleiner77	hbci4java	1	No specific role
generalpd	hbci4net	1	Project Manager
jcr13	hcsoftware	1	No specific role
las30	hcsoftware	0	Developer
iv-cap1	hcssdk	1	Project Manager
cehser	hddata	1	No specific role
dionadar	hddata	1	Developer
dylancm	hedgehog	1	Developer
reubgr	hedgehog	1	No specific role
hermosoft	hedit	1	No specific role
xengren	heliominitutor	1	No specific role
altamaiz	helloworld2	0	Developer
priyatam	helloworld2	1	No specific role
andre_savini	helpdesk1	0	No specific role
andre_viali	helpdesk1	1	No specific role
medjamaica	helpdesk1	1	Project Manager
tds_fasp	helpdesk1	1	Developer
bbadmin	helpgui	1	No specific role
leeper	helpgui	0	Developer
dwineman	herecast	0	Developer
mdpaciga	herecast	1	No specific role
athlonscripts	hermesweb	0	Developer
avz	hermesweb	0	No specific role
einhverfr	hermesweb	1	Project Manager
farmatyr	hermesweb	0	Developer
gunaaditya	hermesweb	0	Developer
henrycav	hermesweb	0	Tester
jameshoo	hermesweb	0	Developer
martoh	hermesweb	0	Tester
munchkinboy	hermesweb	0	Tester
neptune235	hermesweb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
netdb	hermesweb	0	Developer
qdiggityd	hermesweb	0	Developer
sapman	hermesweb	0	Developer
tallackn	hermesweb	0	Tester
cdiggins	heron	1	No specific role
mlybbert	heron	1	Project Manager
batyi	hessianpy	1	Developer
hevi	hevi	1	No specific role
candera	hex	1	All-Hands Person
tewald	hex	1	All-Hands Person
brianahr	hexane	1	No specific role
benh57	hexedit	0	Developer
bradman	hexedit	0	Developer
dan_morrow	hexedit	0	Developer
fingolfin	hexedit	0	Project Manager
nickshanks	hexedit	0	Developer
raving	hexedit	1	Project Manager
shadowknight23	hexedit	0	Developer
sieghard	hexedit	0	Developer
tomplus	hexedit	0	Developer
liton	hexeditor	1	Project Manager
nonvolatil	hexeditswt	1	No specific role
tekhn	hexel	1	No specific role
rheiny	hexered	1	No specific role
omnium	hextool	1	No specific role
shadow_firebird	hey-pling	1	No specific role
inolik	hfc4net	1	No specific role
hcdaume3	hfl	0	Developer
pseudonym	hfl	1	Project Manager
skurtzberg	hfl	0	Developer
hec	hfx	1	No specific role
hotgazpacho	hgfw	1	No specific role
sjprowell	hglib	1	No specific role
ihex	hhex-hutil	1	No specific role
divzero	hial	1	No specific role
qudus	hial	1	Project Manager
xjeren	hibasic	1	No specific role
anthonyhib	hibernate	0	Developer
antonvs	hibernate	0	Developer
astahlhut	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bradclow	hibernate	0	Developer
broubach	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
caoxg	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
csturm	hibernate	0	Developer
dbradby	hibernate	1	Developer
dchannon	hibernate	0	Developer
dimitry	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dougcurrie	hibernate	0	Developer
epbernard	hibernate	1	Developer
gloeglm	hibernate	0	Developer
hirotoyu	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
honma	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
immanuel	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jdkim528	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jon_lipsky	hibernate	0	Developer
jstepka	hibernate	0	Doc Writer
kabkhan	hibernate	0	Developer
kreimerkreimer	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
loonix	hibernate	0	Developer
loubyansky	hibernate	0	Developer
marshall_law	hibernate	0	Developer
matsebc	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
maxcross	hibernate	0	No specific role
maxcsaucdk	hibernate	1	Developer
oneovthafew	hibernate	1	Developer
paoloperrotta	hibernate	0	Developer
patriot1burke	hibernate	0	Developer
pgmjsd	hibernate	0	Developer
starksm	hibernate	0	Developer
stephanwiesner	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
steveebersole	hibernate	1	Developer
theute	hibernate	0	Developer
turin42	hibernate	1	Developer
bmarchesson	hibernate4gwt	1	No specific role
romson	hibernate4gwt	0	Developer
dbradby	hibernator	1	No specific role
carterpage	hibernex	1	No specific role
preylude	hidam	1	No specific role
datique	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
evandro_machado	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
hierarchicalmap	hierarchicalmap	1	No specific role
hsekiguchi	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
psilveirap	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
polyhill	hill-lily	1	No specific role
amca	hini	1	No specific role
muellero	hippie-occur	1	No specific role
dim_er	hippopotam	0	Developer
pitsishin	hippopotam	1	Developer
vchepurnov	hippopotam	1	Developer
keesh	hktreeview	1	All-Hands Person
cbrinegar	hli	1	No specific role
alexgarzao	holo	0	No specific role
bonatto	holo	1	Project Manager
dfranz	holo	0	Tester
dormento	holo	0	Developer
glermen	holo	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
guilazzari	holo	0	Developer
maddog666	holo	0	All-Hands Person
otavio	holo	0	Developer
rogerio_martins	holo	0	Developer
stdfk	holo	0	Developer
c-avare	holongate	1	Project Manager
danielmazurek	holongate	0	No specific role
gslender	holongate	0	Developer
fortuna	homebase	1	No specific role
axxl	honkele	1	No specific role
ginge	hoogle	1	No specific role
erwan_lemonnier	hook-filter	1	No specific role
nvoxland	hoople	1	No specific role
bdompe	hopper	0	Developer
cyberdex	hopper	0	Unix Admin
javalori	hopper	1	Project Manager
mike0ee	hopper	0	Developer
pstanar	hopper	0	Developer
timbreitkreutz	hopper	1	Project Manager
pyropix	horde3dnet	1	Project Manager
anacletoa	hornero	1	No specific role
kenfitzpatrick	hosteduserhelp	1	No specific role
buildmeister	hoteldejava	1	No specific role
csg7020	hotfusion	1	No specific role
nicok	hotfusion	0	No specific role
cirruz	hotstuff	1	No specific role
mgrant79	hourglass	1	Project Manager
nthier	hourglass	0	Developer
esjackson	hp	1	Web Designer
stormy_peters	hp	1	Project Manager
jarisep	hrclass	1	No specific role
pace	hrprof	1	No specific role
shanners	hsbc-xmlapi	1	No specific role
singletrack	hsbc-xmlapi	0	Developer
pynoos	hsocket	1	Project Manager
fsl	hsqldb-plugin	1	No specific role
hswing	hswing	1	No specific role
draghetto	ht-commons	0	Developer
markoumek	ht-commons	0	No specific role
nethyperon	ht-commons	1	No specific role
bappa	htkit	0	No specific role
koyeung	htkit	1	No specific role
kuntal_s	htkit	0	No specific role
s2001in	htkit	0	No specific role
pvax	html-dom	1	No specific role
dannyholstein	html-lv	1	No specific role
anarquiax	html2php	1	No specific role
rebusnet	htmlcodeconvert	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	htmlcolors	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	htmlentities	1	No specific role
moreejt	htmlobject	0	Developer
pcxuser	htmlobject	1	No specific role
k_koch	htmlp	1	Developer
smsisko	htmlp	1	Developer
felenka	htmlparselib	1	No specific role
derrickoswald	htmlparser	1	Project Manager
dwalters128	htmlparser	0	Developer
ian_macfarlane	htmlparser	0	Developer
somik	htmlparser	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
edwardzyang	htmlpurifier	1	All-Hands Person
iscariot	htmlssm	1	Project Manager
lordstrange	htmlssm	1	Developer
niatox	htmlssm	1	Developer
skidz	htmlssm	0	Developer
nicolaasuni	htmlstrings	1	No specific role
arthurdo	htmltok	1	No specific role
kaotao	htmltok	0	Developer
petermichalek	htmltok	0	No specific role
nicolaasuni	htmlurls	1	No specific role
arturkeska	htom	1	No specific role
chaneilfhios	htstring	1	Developer
ricpelo	httlcseifspa	1	No specific role
cbrooks	http-recorder	1	No specific role
seanjw	httpauthplus	1	No specific role
bullmount	httpcomp-net	1	No specific role
sachin_guru	httpguru	1	No specific role
rocketraman	httpspy	1	No specific role
kollisatish	httpunit	0	Support Technician
russgold	httpunit	1	All-Hands Person
smeyfroi	hud	1	No specific role
stacycurl	hud	1	Developer
gilead	huf	1	No specific role
v_glazov	hugecollections	0	Developer
yuriytkach	hugecollections	1	Project Manager
lafitteinexile	hugonomicon	1	Developer
skullduggery	hugonomicon	1	Project Manager
albertoco	humano2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
celgueta	humano2	0	Developer
edbong	humano2	1	No specific role
excedor	humano2	0	No specific role
humano2	humano2	0	Developer
marijn	humano2	1	Project Manager
rconcha	humano2	0	Developer
hoka_adam	hun	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
kami_	hun	1	No specific role
dherington	hunit	1	No specific role
feddejager	hunter-tools	1	No specific role
tweety_04_01	hunterogl	1	No specific role
itakenami	hurricane-phpfw	1	No specific role
alexstrickland	hwgui	0	Developer
alkresin	hwgui	1	No specific role
andijahja	hwgui	0	Developer
fsgiudice	hwgui	0	No specific role
jamaj	hwgui	0	Developer
laverson	hwgui	0	Developer
lculik	hwgui	0	Developer
lf_sfnet	hwgui	0	Developer
marcosgambeta	hwgui	0	Developer
mauriliolongo	hwgui	0	Developer
mlacecilia	hwgui	0	Developer
omm	hwgui	0	No specific role
ptsarenko	hwgui	0	Developer
richardroesnadi	hwgui	0	Developer
rodrigo_moreno	hwgui	0	Developer
sandrorrfreire	hwgui	0	Developer
mad4j	hwh	1	No specific role
huckster-rus	hwslib	1	No specific role
b-ignaces_9	hx-p	0	No specific role
ghost-90	hx-p	0	No specific role
sorror	hx-p	1	No specific role
yig_yig6	hx-p	0	No specific role
maronoff99	hydra3d	1	Developer
joebartley	hyena	1	No specific role
ultralight32	hypernetdb	1	No specific role
hywen	hywen	1	No specific role
dlinsin	i-trax	1	No specific role
dirkhillbrecht	i18nedit	1	Project Manager
ppeterburgskyy	i18nedit	0	Developer
dmitry_kulik	i2cprog	1	No specific role
lukepeterson	iadatatypes	1	No specific role
mauriceling	ib-dwb	1	Project Manager
ceharon	ibaccess	0	No specific role
comiac	ibaccess	0	No specific role
hubble	ibaccess	0	No specific role
oan42	ibaccess	0	No specific role
tonim	ibaccess	1	Developer
cbegin	ibatisbreakdown	1	Project Manager
masukomi	ibatisbreakdown	0	Developer
cbegin	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
rrabe	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
sellig	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
thusted	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatisdb	1	Developer
cbegin	ibatisjpetstore	1	No specific role
bgoodin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cbegin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
kawaic	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lmeadors	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rrabe	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
sellig	ibatisnet	1	Developer
thusted	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
ringdal	ibootadvanced	1	No specific role
troy_melhase	ibpy	1	Developer
ambelovsky	ibtlib	1	All-Hands Person
candb_dev_lead	ibug	1	Developer
marktoml	ibug	0	Developer
rainyjyu	ibug	0	Developer
rcleveng	ibug	1	Developer
kcidsoft	ibuttonlib	1	No specific role
fortuna	ical4j	1	No specific role
miked	ical4j	0	Developer
rletness	ical4j	0	Developer
jasonkl	icalendar	1	Project Manager
thunderzone	icg	1	Developer
vladeck	icg	1	Developer
desnoix	icon-collection	0	Developer
rbarkhouse	icon-collection	0	Developer
westbay	icon-collection	1	No specific role
gilril	iconsearch	1	No specific role
mennigmann	icsp	1	No specific role
kekaneshrikant	icuvmf	0	No specific role
kotharisa	icuvmf	1	All-Hands Person
royflex	icuvmf	0	Developer
ghostdev85	icyowl	1	No specific role
abhihere	id-validate	0	Developer
alicubed	id-validate	0	Developer
iddycol	id-validate	1	Project Manager
iddytwo	id-validate	0	Developer
kenci	id-validate	0	Developer
mcavoym	id-validate	0	Developer
mpanayot	id-validate	0	Developer
prashantkvc	id-validate	0	Developer
robbie_79uk	id-validate	0	Developer
robinkohli	id-validate	0	Web Designer
saunup	id-validate	0	Graphic/Other Designer
wortony	id-validate	0	Developer
abscess	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adcockj	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cmumford	id3lib	0	Developer
fnheiden	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fsziegler	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
shadrack	id3lib	1	Project Manager
slackorama	id3lib	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
t1mpy	id3lib	1	Project Manager
thefrogprince	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bernardoh	idal	1	No specific role
corieu	idal	1	Developer
pepax	idal	1	Developer
jonathansimon	idata	1	No specific role
jrfonseca	idc	1	No specific role
swmasters	ide-master	1	Project Manager
aysenurengil	ide4db	0	No specific role
ayteng	ide4db	0	Editorial/Content Writer
gezginv	ide4db	0	Tester
haky	ide4db	1	No specific role
oeker	ide4db	0	Developer
smardec	ideagestures	1	No specific role
christianth	ideaimporter	0	Developer
manuo	ideaimporter	1	Project Manager
nilsha	ideaimporter	1	No specific role
magsilva	ideais	1	No specific role
hendriks73	ideajad	1	No specific role
rsfeir	ideajbossplugin	1	No specific role
ubik	ideajbossplugin	1	Developer
lokedhs	ideamacs	1	No specific role
mckeonm	ideamacs	1	Developer
blackp	ideas	1	No specific role
rmaddy	ideavim	1	No specific role
damato	identifylib	0	Project Manager
shredzone	identifylib	1	All-Hands Person
thboeckel	identifylib	0	Developer
chandlerc	ideproject	1	Developer
chavetech	ideproject	0	Web Designer
jsorah	ideproject	0	Developer
zappa2	ideproject	1	Developer
lokeshrj	idict	1	No specific role
jwhite909	idsharp	1	No specific role
idsl2_software	idsl2fd	1	No specific role
mreckz	idux	1	No specific role
allanblackwell	idxml	0	Developer
cheetah100	idxml	1	Developer
mike_hart	idxml	0	No specific role
puddpunk	idxml	0	Developer
talios	idxml	1	Developer
csprivate	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
zedl	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
fhtino	iec16022sharp	1	No specific role
edivargas	ienjinia	1	Developer
egarduno	ienjinia	1	Developer
fcastrillo	ienjinia	0	Developer
magoghm	ienjinia	1	No specific role
nycteris	ienjinia	0	Developer
vofka	ierror	1	Developer
bjoern_decker	iese-sop	1	Developer
dazi	iese-sop	1	Developer
emmy82	iese-sop	1	Developer
eric_ras	iese-sop	1	Developer
iese-sop	iese-sop	1	No specific role
jaseeger	iese-sop	1	Project Manager
joerg_rech	iese-sop	1	Developer
arekmenner	ifi-picloader	0	Developer
astronouth7303	ifi-picloader	1	Developer
jdong2002	ifi-picloader	0	No specific role
rwaliany	ifi-picloader	1	No specific role
ionflux	iftools	1	Project Manager
arturbac	iglwidget-clx	1	No specific role
rharder	iharder	1	Project Manager
juergen_ebert	iicontrol	1	No specific role
vnesek	iim4j	1	No specific role
wax90	iip	1	No specific role
bentcd	ijtree	1	Project Manager
ajrw-cywolf	ika	0	Developer
escovan	ika	0	No specific role
janusfury	ika	0	Developer
khross	ika	0	Developer
the_speed_bump	ika	1	Project Manager
ttthrasher	ika	0	Web Designer
wip	ika	0	Developer
indukumar	ikcommons	1	No specific role
ik_5	ikhebtools-fpc	1	Project Manager
vmedina	ikirux	1	No specific role
ikore	ikore	1	No specific role
adean_75	ilabs	0	Support Manager
deribas	ilabs	1	Support Manager
irmo28	ilabs	0	Project Manager
lanomik	ilabs	1	No specific role
mhuang	ilabs	1	Developer
mmajczak	ilabs	1	Developer
thanos	ilabs	0	Project Manager
vshaykev	ilabs	1	Developer
anisotropy9	ilisp	0	Developer
bill_clementson	ilisp	0	Developer
craigly	ilisp	0	Developer
kevinrosenberg	ilisp	0	Developer
marcoxa	ilisp	1	Developer
mkoeppe	ilisp	0	Developer
mna	ilisp	0	Developer
rgrjr	ilisp	0	Developer
sgreenhill	illumination	0	Developer
tteuling	illumination	1	Project Manager
cchampion	iloa	1	No specific role
jpapes	iloa	0	All-Hands Person
sbarbo	iloa	1	Project Manager
kenfitzpatrick	imagebuttonbean	1	No specific role
gesha	imagej	1	No specific role
claudenw	imago	1	Project Manager
parmadil	iman-macosx	1	No specific role
dbarth	imc	1	No specific role
natmaka	imc	1	Project Manager
alberanid	imdbpy	1	Developer
cowo	imdbpy	0	Developer
jespern	imdbpy	0	Developer
master_jaf	imdbpy	0	Developer
uyar	imdbpy	0	Developer
iofw	imediabrowser	1	Developer
lightningrod220	imediabrowser	1	No specific role
judison	imglisted	1	No specific role
gallysoft	imperoupdater	1	Developer
andrelouw	impi	0	Developer
elabuschagne	impi	0	Developer
gvandyk	impi	1	No specific role
hgeldenhuys	impi	0	Developer
woutervdberg	impi	0	Developer
nkohji	implessbean	1	No specific role
ellisj	importscrubber	1	Developer
tomcopeland	importscrubber	1	Developer
gladalex	impression	1	Developer
nmanser	impression	0	Doc Writer
xdoc	impression	1	Project Manager
rgrieselhuber	imshell	1	No specific role
magi42	inanna	1	No specific role
mdp24	incgraph	1	No specific role
schneidh	indecision	1	No specific role
cgmathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
cherrymathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
jkoshy	indic-computing	1	Project Manager
k_nagarajan	indic-computing	0	Developer
tap2k	indic-computing	0	Developer
savaki	indigofdd	1	No specific role
meddochat	indy-net	1	No specific role
mr_jusz	ines	1	No specific role
nouiz	inetsock	1	Project Manager
nouiz2	inetsock	1	No specific role
gerrit_daniels	infinitum8	1	Developer
loko	infinitum8	1	Developer
adrenaline	infinity	1	No specific role
thefez	infinity-plus-1	1	Developer
bwcto	infodock	1	No specific role
lucacappelletti	infodomestic	1	No specific role
bjoli141	infonode	1	Project Manager
creator	infonode	1	Developer
jfn	infonode	1	Developer
groboclown	inform-warez	1	Project Manager
bel70	informa	0	Developer
cryptoalex	informa	0	Developer
dhalbrook	informa	0	Developer
filipvanlaenen	informa	0	Developer
italobb	informa	0	Developer
jga	informa	0	Developer
krebsj	informa	0	Developer
mharhen	informa	0	Developer
niko_schmuck	informa	1	Project Manager
nileshbansal	informa	0	Developer
padark	informa	0	Developer
pitosalas	informa	0	Developer
ratnakardev	informa	0	Developer
shacharbz	informa	0	Developer
spyromus	informa	0	Developer
trondkl	informa	0	Developer
wieben	informa	0	Developer
chinaray	infovista	1	No specific role
escalope	ingenias	1	Project Manager
pacblanch	ingenias	0	Developer
zoftwarero	ingenias	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	inifile	1	Project Manager
mkosmul	inifile	0	Developer
revlis	inihandler	1	No specific role
bwbarrett	inilib	1	No specific role
jsquyres	inilib	1	No specific role
igor_mikhailov	injectobject	1	No specific role
rhymed	inkmenu	1	No specific role
triggertv	inkmenu	0	Tester
patrick_leb	inline-java	1	Project Manager
melquiades	innig-util	1	No specific role
otbsupport	innosetuppe	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	innova	1	No specific role
sean	inphorm	1	No specific role
mjmaisey	inprocess	1	No specific role
inerte	inseasd	1	No specific role
tzimanchun	insecticida	1	Project Manager
alexorso	insectj	1	Project Manager
aniljc	insectj	1	Developer
aseesing	insectj	1	Developer
clausej	insectj	1	Developer
raulsantel	insectj	0	Developer
tapiwattanapong	insectj	0	Developer
whalfond	insectj	0	Developer
gilthiago	insightprocess	1	No specific role
welshleo	inspace	1	No specific role
void_de	install-toolkit	1	Project Manager
fbsd-dev	install6	1	No specific role
damonc	installjammer	1	No specific role
frabcus	installlib	1	Project Manager
locnar	installoptions	1	Project Manager
olesha	installtstr	1	No specific role
pwithnall	instil	1	Project Manager
techtonik	int13ext	1	No specific role
nixnixnix	integradata	1	No specific role
ad-rocha	intellime	1	Project Manager
cleiton_diniz	intellime	0	No specific role
osvaldo_andrade	intellime	0	No specific role
arborint	interchphplib	1	Developer
jjacobs	interchphplib	1	Support Manager
allen_oneill	internetdirect	0	Developer
apmee	internetdirect	0	Developer
aprybin	internetdirect	0	Developer
bas_gooijen	internetdirect	0	No specific role
ccostelloe	internetdirect	0	Developer
choppc	internetdirect	0	Developer
csmithtx	internetdirect	0	Developer
czhower	internetdirect	1	Project Manager
dennieschang	internetdirect	0	Developer
dkosinski	internetdirect	0	Developer
dlsiders	internetdirect	0	Developer
doychin	internetdirect	0	Developer
gambit47	internetdirect	0	Developer
gdgrieve	internetdirect	0	Developer
hhariri	internetdirect	1	No specific role
i_cohen	internetdirect	0	Developer
jpmugaas	internetdirect	1	No specific role
jrgunkel	internetdirect	0	Developer
neillans	internetdirect	0	Developer
rmoberg	internetdirect	0	Developer
sgrobety	internetdirect	1	Developer
slaven	internetdirect	0	Developer
vmvassiliev	internetdirect	0	Developer
stefan_ratschan	interval	1	Developer
sven_buente	interval	0	Developer
timhickey	interval	1	Project Manager
wittenberg	interval	1	Developer
jcfranks	inti	1	No specific role
andimei	intoj	0	Developer
forsterf	intoj	0	Developer
pmayer	intoj	1	No specific role
steimann	intoj	0	Developer
spavkov	intuition	1	No specific role
eric256	io-simple	1	No specific role
dmytro_bogovych	iocpclasses	1	No specific role
davygrvy	iocpsock	1	Project Manager
jbuckman	iocpsock	0	Developer
patthoyts	iocpsock	0	Developer
iogui	ioguigrid	1	No specific role
olobodaestepe	ioguigrid	0	Doc Writer
brixen	ioke	1	No specific role
enzo	iolib	1	No specific role
cheungming	ior	0	Developer
faisal.mir	ior	1	Project Manager
kragsterman	ior	1	No specific role
avibryant	iowa	1	No specific role
eligreen	iowa	1	No specific role
jfitzell	iowa	1	Project Manager
khaines	iowa	0	Developer
pragdave	iowa	0	Developer
evakichi	ipat	1	No specific role
no_comment	ipbwi	1	No specific role
umarnizamani	iphysics	1	No specific role
huxoll	iplib	1	Project Manager
ihaggard	iplib	0	Developer
lgilbert	iplib	0	All-Hands Person
streboryaj	iplib	1	All-Hands Person
wmhegarty	ipony	1	Project Manager
tm243	ippfp	1	Developer
moonkhan	ipphonelib	1	Developer
n0m0r3	ipphonelib	1	Project Manager
apankrat	ipsec2k	1	No specific role
kontramot	ipstream	1	No specific role
n_sergiu	ircaddin	1	No specific role
dorkiaa	ircontrol	0	Developer
isotop_	ircontrol	1	No specific role
zieno	irecords	1	No specific role
fraggle	irmo	1	No specific role
bmarleyfr	irrklangwrapper	1	No specific role
afecelis	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
bgruber	irrlicht	0	Developer
bitplane	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
engineer_apple	irrlicht	0	Developer
epetitje	irrlicht	0	Developer
hybrid	irrlicht	0	Developer
irrlicht	irrlicht	1	No specific role
lukeph	irrlicht	0	Developer
saigumi	irrlicht	0	Developer
seiml	irrlicht	0	Developer
deusxl	irrlichtnetcp	1	Project Manager
lester_dev	irrlichtnetcp	1	Unix Admin
artefaritaj	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
austcro	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
braneloc	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
foole	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
hungryangus	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
the_bob	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
valnarus	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
fabiorecife	is-webstart	1	No specific role
agr1	iscsitarget	0	Developer
boraso	iscsitarget	0	Tester
cheungming	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
kragsterman	iscsitarget	1	No specific role
maffione	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
tomof	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
tobias_lehmann	isits	1	No specific role
yg2f	isl	1	All-Hands Person
darkwave	isoj2me	1	No specific role
jakuza	isoj2me	0	Developer
lesion	isoj2me	0	Developer
lucha	isoj2me	0	Developer
mitomane	isoj2me	0	Developer
perniolagi	isoj2me	0	Developer
pincocazzillo	isoj2me	0	No specific role
st991512	isoj2me	0	Developer
muetze1	isolib	1	Developer
nalilord	isolib	1	Developer
philips_usb	isp176x-hcd	1	No specific role
mlaan	ispp	0	Project Manager
yackimoff	ispp	1	Developer
mkobold	isql	1	All-Hands Person
swing_fox	isql	0	No specific role
thebee	isql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
zanatoly	isqlreport	1	No specific role
hobbs	isqltcl	1	No specific role
jleffler	isqltcl	1	No specific role
kumarsri	isqltcl	1	No specific role
tiesel	isqltcl	0	Developer
peterbe	issuetracker	1	No specific role
chfreund	istbad	1	Project Manager
felipeconde	isvalidator	0	No specific role
inigoserrano	isvalidator	1	Project Manager
shenchilang	italk-plugin	1	No specific role
imbe	itcllib	0	No specific role
kraney	itcllib	1	No specific role
marhar	itcllib	1	No specific role
molaschi	itpm	1	No specific role
jmarranz	itsnat	1	No specific role
iv-ans1	ivlayer	0	Developer
iv-cap1	ivlayer	1	Project Manager
iv-har1	ivlayer	0	Developer
atomos	ivm	0	Developer
bobdayley	ivm	1	No specific role
cbiffle	ivm	0	Doc Writer
darkphotn	ivm	1	Developer
davidaustin	ivm	1	No specific role
droren	ivm	0	Developer
freekerf	ivm	0	Developer
gerbil	ivm	0	Developer
jayanthi	ivm	0	Developer
jler	ivm	0	Developer
joe7pak	ivm	0	Developer
miajdan	ivm	0	Developer
midzic	ivm	1	No specific role
ning	ivm	0	Developer
raczy	ivm	0	Developer
raptorslc	ivm	1	No specific role
risosir	ivm	0	Developer
rshoemake	ivm	0	Developer
sbarton2	ivm	0	No specific role
ssrinivasan	ivm	0	Developer
swdave	ivm	0	Developer
the-raven	ivm	0	Developer
trimethyl	ivm	0	Developer
padrem	ivt	1	No specific role
adamskogman	ivyplugins	0	Developer
chsn	ivyplugins	0	No specific role
henrikreinhold	ivyplugins	0	Developer
sfbouchard	ivyplugins	0	Developer
ulsa	ivyplugins	1	Project Manager
nathloup	iwroot	0	Developer
pgouard	iwroot	0	No specific role
ricard33	iwroot	1	Project Manager
totoro77	iwroot	0	Developer
vbontoux	iwroot	0	Developer
chemeto	ixdp4xx	1	Developer
kshuang	ixdp4xx	1	All-Hands Person
vrecion	ixedit	1	No specific role
smaffer	ixemmolla	1	No specific role
copeepoc	ixlib	1	Developer
inducer	ixlib	1	No specific role
cehbab	ixml	1	No specific role
robertw012	ixpress	1	All-Hands Person
bmax	ize	1	No specific role
khertan	izieditor	1	No specific role
joomlatworkteam	j-devtools	1	No specific role
luice	j-impa	1	No specific role
zilvester	j-owl	1	No specific role
tyanh	j-sim	1	No specific role
ttegoeh	j2b	1	No specific role
benedwards	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
fusemonkey	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
happytoad	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
perlfreak	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
philduba	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
pmcelhaney	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
xoconnick	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
vmassol	j2eeunit	1	No specific role
sroccaserra	j2me-game-demo	1	No specific role
bradcc	j2me-game-lib	1	Developer
eso	j2me-lib	1	Developer
gwhemming	j2me-microgui	0	Developer
mcpierce	j2me-microgui	1	Project Manager
guillermocalvo	j2mefs	1	No specific role
piratis	j2megl	1	No specific role
mwaisberg	j2melib	1	No specific role
bohemius	j2meunit	1	Developer
brunnosilva	j2meunit	1	Developer
eso	j2meunit	1	Project Manager
juntao	j2meunit	1	No specific role
rpa_rio	j2secontrols	1	Project Manager
vijayaraghavank	j2uml	1	No specific role
rschoening	j2xtreme	1	No specific role
oderin	j4bib	1	No specific role
hjawaid	jaad	1	No specific role
ksevindik	jabbar	1	No specific role
pgmillard	jabbercom	1	No specific role
tguzik	jabbercom	1	Developer
chrwei	jabberlib	1	No specific role
jsmecham	jabberlib	1	No specific role
zelphyr	jabberlib	1	No specific role
mpregent	jabls1	1	Project Manager
jeyben	jaboa	1	Developer
perolesen	jaboa	1	Developer
laurentmartelli	jac-aop	1	No specific role
nur	jac-aop	1	No specific role
bibok	jaccessmngr	1	No specific role
dtint87	jaccessmngr	0	Developer
yizha	jaccessmngr	0	Developer
cowwoc	jace	1	Developer
rreyelts	jace	1	No specific role
octangle-7	jackrava	1	No specific role
clay_shooter	jacob-project	1	Project Manager
danadler	jacob-project	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
schmidlinf	jacob-project	0	No specific role
dsteeber	jacol	0	Developer
lowdermilk	jacol	1	No specific role
vyzo	jacomma	1	No specific role
amahier	jacs	0	Developer
sdusart	jacs	1	No specific role
don_raspu	jactivating	1	No specific role
gmega	jadaptiveforms	1	No specific role
pkjbr	jadaptiveforms	1	No specific role
ddepta	jadebarcodes	1	No specific role
ddepta	jadeforms	1	No specific role
akinsgre	jadetower	0	No specific role
jaaron_farr	jadetower	1	No specific role
dcherk	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
drobert	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
jmacdonald	jadeutil	1	No specific role
deadf00d	jadex	1	Developer
dirkbade	jadex	0	Developer
zthree	jadex	1	Developer
svu	jados	1	No specific role
mcquak	jadsi	1	No specific role
antony_corfield	jafer	1	Developer
colin_tatham	jafer	1	Developer
gilksd	jafer	0	Developer
mdovey	jafer	1	Project Manager
stanberka	jafu-lite	1	No specific role
mikkey	jagzilla	1	No specific role
kfgodel	jaht	1	All-Hands Person
maxvaz	jaht	1	No specific role
haelias	jajppd	1	No specific role
briankdlee	jakarta-k	0	Developer
delight777	jakarta-k	0	Developer
dsaint31	jakarta-k	0	Developer
fog_rain	jakarta-k	0	Developer
freezie	jakarta-k	0	Developer
hbsongwz	jakarta-k	0	Developer
herblover	jakarta-k	0	Developer
hongtab	jakarta-k	0	Developer
iasandcb	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
jjmah	jakarta-k	0	Developer
joonoh74	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jrriu	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jwhe	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kaymury	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kenu	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
keunsikhong	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kimsk010	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kkojipjima	jakarta-k	0	Developer
ledzpl	jakarta-k	0	Developer
millyseon	jakarta-k	0	Developer
miojio	jakarta-k	1	No specific role
nameislocus	jakarta-k	0	Developer
neoctrl	jakarta-k	0	Developer
noelogist	jakarta-k	0	No specific role
oiehato	jakarta-k	0	Developer
puretak	jakarta-k	0	Developer
risc2	jakarta-k	0	Developer
sciv	jakarta-k	0	Developer
seveny	jakarta-k	0	Developer
simji0202	jakarta-k	0	Developer
soma815	jakarta-k	0	Developer
strongberry	jakarta-k	0	Developer
suribada	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
totwi	jakarta-k	0	Developer
visavis2k	jakarta-k	0	Developer
visharp	jakarta-k	0	Developer
xpert2	jakarta-k	0	Developer
fprog	jakecpplib	0	Developer
overflo	jakecpplib	1	No specific role
elmartinfierro	jala	1	No specific role
gatomatic	jala	1	No specific role
mtedone	jamailet	1	No specific role
cyrilm	jamlib	0	Developer
raorn	jamlib	1	Developer
n_alex_rupp	jammies	1	Project Manager
rcolliton	jammies	1	Project Manager
stevesouza	jamonapi	1	No specific role
axelp	jamsel	0	Developer
hjawaid	jamsel	1	No specific role
d98thand	janalyzer	0	Developer
e7andy	janalyzer	1	No specific role
e7jojje	janalyzer	0	Developer
gritsay	janalyzer	1	No specific role
jerano	janalyzer	0	Developer
fishermen21	janus-plugin	0	Developer
thomas-m	janus-plugin	1	No specific role
lasa	jaol	1	No specific role
sposh	jap	1	No specific role
hellayena	japhpadoc	0	Developer
naholyr	japhpadoc	1	No specific role
fmurialdo	japic	1	Project Manager
ibondre	japic	1	No specific role
ingosax	jarch	1	No specific role
arnelim	jarclassloader	1	No specific role
erik_van_zijst	jarcraft	1	No specific role
zantvoort	jarcraft	1	No specific role
marco_7777	jarexplorer	1	No specific role
zantvoort	jargo	1	No specific role
bhafer	jargx	1	No specific role
stevemcmee	jarinspector	1	No specific role
tobias_hoffmann	jarinspector	0	Developer
ghinkl	jarjunkie	1	No specific role
tfenne	jarjunkie	0	No specific role
kostakoko	jarsearchtool	1	No specific role
brown_j	jarspy	1	Developer
syhaas	jarwizy	1	Developer
shfarr	jasar	1	No specific role
jeroenvoogt	jasciidammit	1	No specific role
gvelo	jasf	1	No specific role
michelg	jasm-game	1	No specific role
comsoft1908	jaspercall	1	No specific role
bklawans	jasperreports	1	Project Manager
gt78	jasperreports	0	Developer
ionutned	jasperreports	0	Developer
lucianc	jasperreports	0	Developer
peter_p_s	jasperreports	0	Developer
sgwood	jasperreports	0	Developer
shertage	jasperreports	0	Developer
tcloonan	jasperreports	0	Editorial/Content Writer
teodord	jasperreports	1	Project Manager
tvu007007	jasperreports	0	Editorial/Content Writer
gayansource	jasperwrapper	1	No specific role
bacco77	jatclib	0	Developer
matrix--	jatclib	1	Developer
andresg	jatisat	0	Developer
dnielben	jatisat	1	No specific role
fmontes	jatisat	0	Developer
jgonzal	jatisat	0	Developer
mriveros	jatisat	0	Developer
freality	jautotest	1	No specific role
verhagent	java-arg-val	1	No specific role
fikin	java-container	1	No specific role
benhogan	java-eek	1	No specific role
joeretro	java-eek	1	Developer
a_r_ferreira	java-fu	1	No specific role
captainjester	java-game-lib	0	Developer
cfxmarvin	java-game-lib	0	No specific role
cix_foo	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
eduijs	java-game-lib	0	Developer
elias_naur	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
gregorypierce	java-game-lib	0	Developer
kevglass	java-game-lib	0	Developer
matzon	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
spasi	java-game-lib	0	Developer
mdspencer	java-joint	1	No specific role
cumesoftware	java-libs	1	No specific role
krishnarajck	java-libs	1	Project Manager
nellie2006	java-libs	1	Project Manager
srikanth_r_79	java-libs	1	Project Manager
bab	java-readline	0	Developer
bablokb	java-readline	1	Project Manager
hzeller	java-readline	1	No specific role
zpsenior	java-remoting	1	No specific role
thomas_weise	java-sfc	1	No specific role
marcotozzini	java-sms-api	1	No specific role
netdever	java-speedy	1	No specific role
gragus	java-tools	1	No specific role
forger77	java-util-lib	1	No specific role
scottft	java-web-admin	1	No specific role
mirkoz	java2cdif	1	Project Manager
awaredreams	java3dgamesdk	1	Project Manager
jdeford	java3dsloader	1	No specific role
rdeford	java3dsloader	1	No specific role
sockterrier	java3dsloader	0	Developer
droguski	javaacl	0	Developer
rmalinowski	javaacl	1	No specific role
trevorolio	javaatomiclibs	1	No specific role
cs343	javabdd	0	Developer
cunkel	javabdd	0	Developer
gback	javabdd	0	Developer
jgmorard	javabdd	0	Developer
joewhaley	javabdd	1	Project Manager
kokkalis	javabdd	0	Developer
livshits	javabdd	0	Developer
suifdra	javabdd	0	Developer
jelz2yk	javabeans	1	No specific role
bayard	javabeantester	0	Developer
micah_modell	javabeantester	1	Project Manager
rpeckhoff	javablackjack	1	No specific role
chrislorenz	javabluetooth	1	Project Manager
europasystems	javacandies	1	No specific role
altos-z	javacard-proxy	1	No specific role
javacelot	javacelot	1	Project Manager
rhursti	javachecker	1	No specific role
guusbosman	javaconfig	1	No specific role
realrolfje	javaconfig	0	Developer
t_chemit	javacurse	1	No specific role
bbell2000	javadatepicker	1	No specific role
nsushkin	javadoc-search	1	No specific role
p-salnikov	javadrom	1	Developer
sstanchfield	javadudeeclipse	1	No specific role
clheiny	javaelvis	1	No specific role
geniot	javaflashbridge	1	No specific role
hootan_n	javaforms	0	Developer
naeeem	javaforms	1	No specific role
naeem	javaforms	0	No specific role
sehsanm	javaforms	0	No specific role
seyyedjamal	javaforms	1	No specific role
maccaf	javagfl-lib	1	Project Manager
dustin_little	javahr	1	Developer
chousz	javahtmlparser	1	No specific role
rcresposf	javahtmlparser	0	Developer
songjing	javaintegrity	1	No specific role
kryst4l	javaj	1	No specific role
perdian	javalauncher	1	No specific role
backupsshnet	javaloganalyser	1	Developer
gilstrap	javalogging	1	Project Manager
kgentle	javalogging	0	Developer
rsmith7209	javamaf	1	No specific role
iterson	javamatch	1	No specific role
joshguyette	javamirc	1	No specific role
ademaraguiar	javaml	0	Developer
gjbadros	javaml	1	Project Manager
mboutoukou	javaml	0	No specific role
stonecobra	javaml	1	Developer
jkristian	javanuggets	1	No specific role
haui	javaparty	1	Developer
moschny	javaparty	1	Developer
pollini	javaparty	0	Developer
rveldema	javaparty	1	No specific role
huntc	javapdi	1	No specific role
smichaud	javaplugin	1	No specific role
glvgfz	javapng	0	Developer
herbyderby	javapng	1	Developer
luner	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
marek	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
michalpise	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
petrul	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
stolis	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
vachis	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
rexguo	javapsd	1	No specific role
anjahauth	javaquantity	1	Developer
mkempka	javaquantity	1	Developer
rgrzywinski	javarcx	1	No specific role
friendfx	javaregextester	1	No specific role
hkleo	javareview	1	No specific role
demian0311	javasandbox	1	No specific role
joellimardo	javascriptix	1	No specific role
mathewparet	javascriptlib	1	No specific role
anzez	javaselector	1	No specific role
tycordinal	javasignalslot	1	No specific role
cac_cguo	javasip	0	Developer
cac_kxie	javasip	0	No specific role
cac_qjiang	javasip	0	No specific role
cac_yxu	javasip	0	No specific role
chaopsychochick	javasip	0	No specific role
dadrox	javasip	1	Developer
deanhiller	javasip	0	Developer
fastdragon	javasip	1	Developer
tomimas	javasom	1	No specific role
darach	javaspider	0	No specific role
egamma	javaspider	1	Developer
kbeck	javaspider	1	No specific role
rferrer	javaspy	1	No specific role
jpw	javastarter	1	No specific role
wjadams	javasvnupdater	1	No specific role
binny	javasysinfo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
michael_davey	javasysinfo	1	Developer
zebdefrar	javasysinfo	1	Project Manager
dadrox	javatoolkit	1	No specific role
demian0311	javatoolkit	0	Developer
jeklsoft	javatoolkit	0	Developer
chrisbitmead	javatools	1	No specific role
alan13	javatui	1	No specific role
vesa_karvonen	javautils	1	Developer
fzammetti	javawebparts	1	Developer
herros	javawebparts	1	Developer
szabtam	javawebparts	0	Developer
paulo_ortolan	javawizard	1	No specific role
wcherry69	javaworkflow	1	No specific role
captainpierce	javaxinput	1	No specific role
nurulc	javaxmlstream	1	Project Manager
prunicki	javelintools	1	No specific role
vmarchese	jawflow	1	No specific role
phillippettit	jaxdiag	1	No specific role
bazzargh	jaxen	0	Developer
ebolwidt	jaxen	0	Developer
emcgreal	jaxen	0	Developer
jdvorak	jaxen	0	Developer
jstrachan	jaxen	1	Project Manager
mbelonga	jaxen	0	Developer
mbrennan	jaxen	0	Developer
paulrbrown	jaxen	0	Developer
proyal	jaxen	1	Project Manager
purpletech	jaxen	0	Developer
slehmann	jaxen	0	No specific role
szegedia	jaxen	0	Developer
werken	jaxen	1	Developer
xcut	jaxen	0	Developer
joerg_wassmer	jaxlib	1	Project Manager
iae	jazz	1	Developer
i_vern	jazz	1	No specific role
fabrice_carnet	jbackbrowse	1	No specific role
bihaiko	jbanana	1	Developer
eduardobk	jbanana	0	Doc Writer
fpierre	jbanana	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
graphyt	jbanana	0	Web Designer
hectorgarzon	jbanana	0	No specific role
jonathan_gci	jbanana	0	Developer
kemmel	jbanana	1	Developer
marcato	jbanana	0	Developer
nakashima007	jbanana	0	Developer
rhsumiya	jbanana	0	Developer
ricardo_gci	jbanana	0	Developer
rvalentin	jbanana	0	Developer
sgoda	jbanana	0	Developer
wistuba	jbanana	0	Developer
weirdpanda	jbarcode-scan	1	No specific role
dwalters	jbarcodebean	1	All-Hands Person
mhanisch	jbarcodebean	0	Developer
shixiaodan	jbase	1	No specific role
simas_ch	jbatchengine	1	No specific role
angus_ymchan	jbcheckstyle	1	No specific role
celerybox	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
jstockall	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
takatsukam	jbeanmisc	1	No specific role
crimsen	jbeans	0	Web Designer
enotecha	jbeans	1	Project Manager
takatsukam	jbeanvam	1	No specific role
jskeet	jbench	1	No specific role
bdargan	jbenchmark	1	No specific role
bigdaz	jbenchmark	0	Developer
gregluck	jbenchmark	1	No specific role
twpatkua	jbenchmark	0	No specific role
acannone	jbi4cics	0	Developer
cimatti	jbi4cics	0	No specific role
marcopiraccini	jbi4cics	0	No specific role
paciuf	jbi4cics	1	No specific role
raffaelespazzol	jbi4cics	1	Project Manager
acannone	jbi4corba	0	No specific role
cimatti	jbi4corba	0	No specific role
marcopiraccini	jbi4corba	0	No specific role
paciuf	jbi4corba	1	Developer
raffaelespazzol	jbi4corba	1	Project Manager
tcloonan	jbis	1	No specific role
bangersnmash74	jbluez	1	No specific role
edkay	jbluez	1	No specific role
jbantug	jbluez	0	Developer
marcelj	jbluez	1	Project Manager
jbmvst	jbmsrclib	1	No specific role
sonofseven	jboss-jmxc	1	No specific role
thomasfrey	jboss4watchdog	1	No specific role
shenkai	jbossmonitor	1	No specific role
shifeiluo	jbosspetstore	1	Project Manager
ritujain	jbossrulesnet	1	No specific role
aguizar	jbpm	1	Developer
bessyboo	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
ceccato	jbpm	0	No specific role
doballve	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
don_raka	jbpm	0	Developer
ekero	jbpm	0	Developer
elfuhrer	jbpm	0	No specific role
epieters	jbpm	0	No specific role
fbooth	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
garg_shail	jbpm	0	Developer
gherez	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
gip2100	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
harimk12	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
jakkiedak	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
janapoornavel	jbpm	0	Developer
jberka	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
jccantu	jbpm	0	Developer
jimrigsbee	jbpm	0	No specific role
koentsje	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
krzogr	jbpm	0	Developer
kukeltje	jbpm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lifeleaf	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
marshall_law	jbpm	0	No specific role
mikelynch229	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
mloehr	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
mmieszek	jbpm	0	No specific role
mosabua	jbpm	0	No specific role
mournosg	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
naprstek	jbpm	0	No specific role
oneovthafew	jbpm	0	No specific role
pbolle	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
prabhatjha	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
prabhuji	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
rrajasekaran	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
ryanupton	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
schnever	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
spagop	jbpm	0	Developer
theute	jbpm	0	Developer
tmjee	jbpm	0	Developer
tombaeyens	jbpm	1	Project Manager
v912485	jbpm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rhoobler	jbproject	1	No specific role
angus_ymchan	jbpropstruct	1	No specific role
grantfin	jbreport	1	No specific role
sujithvt	jbrms	1	No specific role
neilt6	jbuild	1	No specific role
fjankk	jcache	1	Project Manager
pfajeau	jcache	0	Developer
ttoupin	jcafe	1	No specific role
frankmoritz	jcapi	0	Developer
hgraefe	jcapi	1	No specific role
jens212	jcapi	0	Developer
kimmerin	jcapi	0	Developer
malamut	jcapi	0	Developer
prabhub	jcdlib	1	No specific role
r_213	jcdlib	0	Developer
hamgert	jcetaglib	1	No specific role
sk13	jcf	1	No specific role
tp9	jcf	0	Developer
davibu	jcgrid	1	No specific role
stainsby	jchassis	1	Project Manager
clwells	jci	1	No specific role
ahuser	jcl	0	Developer
cycocrew	jcl	0	Developer
dade2004	jcl	0	Developer
elahn	jcl	0	Developer
grenzi_r	jcl	0	Developer
jfudickar	jcl	0	Developer
marquardt	jcl	0	Developer
morrac	jcl	0	Developer
mthoma	jcl	1	Project Manager
obones	jcl	0	Developer
outchy	jcl	1	Project Manager
rayspostbox3	jcl	0	Developer
rikbarker	jcl	0	Developer
rrossmair	jcl	1	Project Manager
schuettecarsten	jcl	0	Developer
twm	jcl	0	Developer
uschuster	jcl	0	Developer
wpostma	jcl	0	Developer
anarxia	jclassinfo	1	Project Manager
marciodel	jclassmock	1	No specific role
xeus_man	jcloader	1	No specific role
fdiotalevi	jcman	1	No specific role
satollo	jcman	0	Developer
lglawrence	jcmdline	1	No specific role
samuelbb	jcodeutil	1	No specific role
eisel98	jcollectionwrap	1	No specific role
ashevat	jcomet	1	No specific role
easy_angel	jcommandline	1	No specific role
rdtorres	jconcurrent	1	No specific role
inolik	jconfd	0	Developer
meebey	jconfd	1	No specific role
amecky	jconfig	1	No specific role
braunst	jconfig	0	Developer
sjivan	jconfig	0	Developer
terrydye	jconfig	1	Project Manager
ben_walding	jconsole	1	No specific role
cirruz	jconstructs	1	No specific role
fdiotalevi	jconx	1	Developer
jamstah	jcookie	0	Developer
sonalb	jcookie	1	No specific role
headpigeons	jcounter	1	No specific role
wollej	jcoverage	1	No specific role
adrianogf	jcproject	1	No specific role
hendrik_beck	jcr-webexplorer	1	No specific role
mreis_at	jcr-webexplorer	0	Developer
weertj	jcrconnector	1	No specific role
dep4b	jcrontab	0	Developer
iolalla	jcrontab	1	Project Manager
kingjr3	jcrontab	0	Developer
pfharris	jcrontab	0	Developer
skyling	jcrontab	0	Web Designer
sage_sam	jcrud	1	No specific role
shaman-h_fel	jcsconvertor	1	No specific role
auke_booij	jctic	1	No specific role
justfly_shi	jcutil	1	No specific role
syzws	jcvs-ssl	1	No specific role
alancmoore	jdarth	1	No specific role
bobcousins	jdarth	0	No specific role
technobug	jdatabaseimport	1	No specific role
juanheyns	jdatepicker	1	No specific role
fabio_patricio	jdbase	1	Project Manager
iceboyy	jdbase	0	Developer
jesusjc	jdbase	0	Developer
laranjinha	jdbase	0	Developer
dwaninger	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
jrshaw	jdbcfacade	1	Project Manager
tavisbones	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
jeanlazarou	jdbcunit	1	No specific role
farf	jdbf	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
giabac	jdbf	0	Developer
gmartone	jdbf	1	Project Manager
lechertl	jdbf	0	Analysis / Design
mayur_naik	jdbf	0	Support Manager
zmieff	jdbf	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
codarin	jdbforms	0	Developer
dep4b	jdbforms	0	Developer
dhorkoff	jdbforms	0	Developer
dikr	jdbforms	1	Developer
foxat	jdbforms	0	Developer
fzimper	jdbforms	0	Developer
hkollmann	jdbforms	1	Developer
ivanfm	jdbforms	0	Developer
javajunkie	jdbforms	0	Developer
jdp1120	jdbforms	1	Developer
joepeer	jdbforms	1	Developer
johngagon	jdbforms	0	Developer
krabatz	jdbforms	0	Developer
menulis	jdbforms	0	Developer
mrsermore	jdbforms	0	Developer
nealkatz	jdbforms	0	Developer
nicparise	jdbforms	0	Developer
noremac	jdbforms	0	Developer
pbanderson	jdbforms	0	Doc Writer
pgrunik	jdbforms	1	Developer
jleiva	jdbhelper	1	No specific role
brisid	jdbv	1	Project Manager
bschoudel	jdbv	1	Developer
cvs_udayk	jdbv	0	No specific role
jrarick4777	jdbv	0	No specific role
larknox	jdbv	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
querybyexample	jdbv	1	Developer
sandraorion	jdbv	1	Developer
sgandotra	jdbv	0	No specific role
gates666	jdeapi	1	Developer
oliviertexier	jdeapi	1	No specific role
ipreuss	jdemo	0	No specific role
mgebha	jdemo	1	Developer
urskr	jdemo	0	Developer
a-gopal	jdepends	1	No specific role
rsk	jdevelop	1	No specific role
brian_duff	jdevelopervss	1	Developer
rcleveng	jdevelopervss	1	No specific role
jade6	jdi	1	No specific role
dkfn	jdiagnose	1	No specific role
lydiardo	jdiagnose	0	Developer
steview	jdiagnose	0	No specific role
dannyor	jdigger	1	No specific role
yuvalsapir	jdigger	1	Developer
dwalend	jdigraph	1	All-Hands Person
amgonzalez	jdirdiff	1	Developer
cessd	jdirdiff	1	Developer
gibran_g4	jdirdiff	1	Developer
vcm	jdirdiff	1	No specific role
webaholic	jdirectory	1	No specific role
afsinb	jdlist	1	No specific role
arawakcc	jdna	0	Developer
martin_nichol	jdna	1	Project Manager
sean_stuckless	jdna	1	Project Manager
sullis	jdollars	1	No specific role
paton	jdolly	1	No specific role
masogato	jdolplugin	1	No specific role
ashevat	jdsf	1	No specific role
aviadlich	jdsf	1	Developer
aubinmahe	jdynamite	0	Developer
cbouleau	jdynamite	1	No specific role
benzo	jeasy-do	1	Developer
dmukhin	jeasy-do	1	Developer
kaa74	jeasy-do	1	Developer
vadimf	jeasy-do	1	Developer
frenzieddragon	jeasytester	1	No specific role
aparzev	jeceira	1	Project Manager
kduske	jeceira	1	Developer
sschwanitz	jeceira	0	Developer
vfelberg	jeceira	1	Developer
peterjhaas	jediapi	1	All-Hands Person
aniketbhatt	jedimath	0	No specific role
beckmi	jedimath	0	Support Manager
blaszijk	jedimath	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
carlokok	jedimath	0	Developer
chriseyre2000	jedimath	1	Developer
davidtaylor	jedimath	0	Developer
djaenichen	jedimath	0	Developer
geoff8579	jedimath	0	Developer
huesserp	jedimath	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jperez	jedimath	0	Developer
mavaughan	jedimath	0	Developer
mcongedo	jedimath	0	Developer
pvanlaake	jedimath	0	Developer
ralphkmuench	jedimath	1	Project Manager
thorsten_engler	jedimath	0	Developer
tschaggelar	jedimath	0	Developer
vfursov	jedimath	0	No specific role
xquark	jedimath	0	No specific role
afarello	jedit	0	No specific role
akaplan	jedit	0	No specific role
aklimets	jedit	0	Developer
alevin	jedit	0	Developer
andystreich	jedit	0	No specific role
annauzi	jedit	0	Developer
ant-roy	jedit	0	Developer
antis0c	jedit	0	Developer
arobert	jedit	0	Developer
bambara	jedit	0	Developer
beeky	jedit	0	No specific role
bemace	jedit	0	No specific role
bhawkins1	jedit	0	No specific role
blueyed	jedit	0	Developer
breaux	jedit	0	No specific role
brik	jedit	0	No specific role
bryan_w_taylor	jedit	0	Developer
bsarsgard	jedit	0	No specific role
bsiggelkow	jedit	0	No specific role
btateyama	jedit	0	Developer
carmine	jedit	0	Developer
carsten_behring	jedit	0	No specific role
chris_samuels	jedit	0	Developer
cjkent	jedit	0	No specific role
copy_paste	jedit	0	No specific role
cswilly	jedit	0	No specific role
curoles	jedit	0	Developer
cwhitmore	jedit	0	No specific role
cyu	jedit	0	No specific role
dajt	jedit	0	No specific role
daleanson	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
dannydig	jedit	0	No specific role
delvinj	jedit	0	Developer
dhaskew	jedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dkoryavov	jedit	0	No specific role
dmoebius	jedit	0	Developer
dobrien75	jedit	0	Developer
donatas	jedit	0	No specific role
dstolerman	jedit	0	No specific role
duggaraju	jedit	0	No specific role
dwhall	jedit	0	Developer
elberry	jedit	0	Developer
eloyek	jedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ensonic	jedit	0	No specific role
extreme66	jedit	0	Developer
ezust	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
francisdobi	jedit	0	Developer
gerti	jedit	0	No specific role
gregc	jedit	0	Developer
greghmerrill	jedit	0	No specific role
gsaffell	jedit	0	Developer
hertzhaft	jedit	0	Developer
ian_lewis	jedit	0	Developer
ihewson	jedit	0	Developer
imfree	jedit	0	Developer
iolalla	jedit	0	No specific role
jbwiv	jedit	0	Developer
jchoyt	jedit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jduska	jedit	0	No specific role
jgellene	jedit	0	No specific role
jigerjava	jedit	0	Developer
jimbodean	jedit	0	No specific role
jiwils	jedit	0	Developer
jklap	jedit	0	No specific role
jmadar	jedit	0	No specific role
joelaff	jedit	0	No specific role
jpavel	jedit	0	Developer
jymen	jedit	0	No specific role
kaloth	jedit	0	Developer
kaymi	jedit	0	No specific role
kdrew	jedit	0	No specific role
klmcw	jedit	0	No specific role
ko5tik	jedit	0	No specific role
kpouer	jedit	1	Developer
krisko	jedit	0	Graphic/Other Designer
ksm	jedit	0	No specific role
k_satoda	jedit	0	Developer
lanciaux	jedit	0	No specific role
lbruand	jedit	0	Developer
leeturner	jedit	0	No specific role
lio-sand	jedit	0	Developer
luckyspin	jedit	0	No specific role
maeste	jedit	0	Developer
malyvelky	jedit	0	Developer
marcohu	jedit	0	No specific role
mattflower	jedit	0	No specific role
matt_etheridge	jedit	0	No specific role
mdillon	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
mediumnet	jedit	0	Developer
mickthornhill	jedit	0	No specific role
mikeatkinson	jedit	0	Developer
mkejzar	jedit	0	No specific role
mrdon	jedit	0	No specific role
mumak	jedit	0	No specific role
murkles	jedit	0	Developer
n31l	jedit	0	No specific role
naber	jedit	0	No specific role
natet	jedit	0	Developer
nathanjones	jedit	0	Developer
nilojg	jedit	0	No specific role
nwdurcholz	jedit	0	Developer
olearyni	jedit	1	Developer
oliep	jedit	0	Developer
opster	jedit	0	No specific role
orutherfurd	jedit	1	Developer
oswaldcz	jedit	0	Developer
pavlikus	jedit	0	Developer
pawnsushi	jedit	0	Developer
philipx	jedit	0	No specific role
pitje	jedit	0	No specific role
polx	jedit	0	No specific role
retept	jedit	0	Developer
rfletch6	jedit	0	No specific role
rickgibbs	jedit	0	No specific role
robmckinnon	jedit	0	No specific role
rosebaby	jedit	0	Developer
rschwenn	jedit	0	Content Management
russelldad	jedit	0	No specific role
ruwi	jedit	0	No specific role
saimonm	jedit	0	Developer
sasha-m	jedit	0	No specific role
schs	jedit	0	No specific role
seconddevil	jedit	0	Developer
shlomy	jedit	0	Developer
sjakob	jedit	0	Developer
spestov	jedit	1	Project Manager
ssaravanan	jedit	0	No specific role
ssatguru	jedit	0	No specific role
starglider	jedit	0	Developer
steinbeck	jedit	0	No specific role
sune_simonsen	jedit	0	Developer
sutter2k	jedit	0	No specific role
svu	jedit	0	Developer
temporary	jedit	0	Developer
themarshal	jedit	0	No specific role
tibu	jedit	0	No specific role
vampire0	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
vanza	jedit	0	Developer
vinodkiran	jedit	0	No specific role
wimlepage	jedit	0	No specific role
yafd	jedit	0	No specific role
zubow	jedit	0	Developer
daleanson	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ezust	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jchoyt	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
kpouer	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mdillon	jedit-plugins	1	All-Hands Person
olearyni	jedit-plugins	1	No specific role
orutherfurd	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pawnsushi	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
shlomy	jedit-plugins	0	Developer
spestov	jedit-plugins	1	No specific role
vampire0	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
oliverhe	jedit-syntax	1	All-Hands Person
nakhli	jeditool	1	No specific role
cleghorn	jeenius	0	Developer
djwade	jeenius	1	Project Manager
jackerm	jeenius	1	No specific role
philips	jeenius	0	Developer
alexjunq	jeez	0	Project Manager
eric_suen	jeez	1	All-Hands Person
eric_sun	jeez	0	Project Manager
mariusso	jeez	0	No specific role
eduijs	jef	1	Developer
jnockemann	jegl	1	No specific role
pvlasov	jegustator	1	No specific role
jack_herrington	jeldoclet	1	Developer
tomzwo	jeldoclet	1	Developer
tpatke	jeldoclet	0	Developer
jhereth	jeline	1	Tester
plueschix	jeline	1	No specific role
bravo	jell	1	No specific role
willievu	jelly-httpunit	1	No specific role
jmayrbaeurl	jellylauncher	1	Project Manager
kemp_c	jemmyfixture	1	Project Manager
roock	jemmyfixture	1	No specific role
emarion	jempft	1	No specific role
mnewcomb	jenni-jni	1	No specific role
stemeyda	jenni-jni	0	No specific role
paramythis	jenserad	1	Project Manager
albertstrasheim	jepp	0	Developer
mrjohnson0	jepp	1	Project Manager
yoxallj	jequals	1	No specific role
holgermayer	jeremia	1	Project Manager
mjericho	jerichohtml	1	No specific role
dbday	jerrorreporter	1	Project Manager
richier	jerrorreporter	1	No specific role
hener	jesstab	1	No specific role
oho	jesstab	0	Developer
badzen	jest	1	Project Manager
ctromble	jest	1	Developer
treaves	jest	1	Developer
awr84	jestart	1	No specific role
compsi	jester	0	Developer
duncan	jester	1	All-Hands Person
elharo	jester	1	All-Hands Person
ivan_r_moore	jester	1	Project Manager
pholser	jester	0	Developer
roock	jester	0	No specific role
dgilliland62	jestr	1	Developer
b_adele	jesuislibre	1	Developer
hpxchan	jet-pms	0	No specific role
samuraisam	jet-pms	1	No specific role
aduain	jethro	0	No specific role
angeladp	jethro	0	No specific role
jalessandro	jethro	1	No specific role
jetifadm	jetif	1	Project Manager
wangtl	jetif	0	Developer
french_c	jetm	1	No specific role
darkriftx	jetpp	0	No specific role
jose_maria0	jetpp	0	Developer
kendeel	jetpp	0	Doc Writer
krouer	jetpp	0	Developer
mossontte	jetpp	0	Developer
paradoxnj	jetpp	1	Unix Admin
sevenjet3d	jetpp	0	Developer
trilobite	jetpp	0	Developer
tlowing	jeweltools	1	No specific role
nrop	jexif	1	No specific role
amiller	jext	1	Developer
blaisorblade	jext	1	Developer
bwinton	jext	1	Developer
duncandickinson	jext	1	Developer
gfx	jext	1	Project Manager
jpz	jext	1	Developer
jvanzyl	jext	0	Developer
orangeherbert	jext	1	Developer
powelljf3	jext	1	Developer
fredds	jezxmlconfig	1	No specific role
adriankuhn	jfamix	0	Developer
fbuchli	jfamix	1	No specific role
efficacy	jfcfixtures	0	No specific role
ipreuss	jfcfixtures	1	Project Manager
vestrial	jfcfixtures	0	Developer
kevin-duffey	jfcunit	0	Developer
kwilson227	jfcunit	1	Developer
maomaode	jfcunit	0	Developer
mattc	jfcunit	1	No specific role
ritesht	jfcunit	0	Developer
vraravam	jfcunit	1	Developer
aeden	jfeedback	1	No specific role
kknudsen	jfeedback	1	Developer
bastintonyroy	jfern	0	No specific role
larsehrler	jfern	0	Developer
marcelbodewitz	jfern	0	Developer
marni	jfern	1	No specific role
martinfleurke	jfern	0	Developer
phwang	jfern	0	Developer
crsadun	jffp	1	No specific role
bxconrad	jfig	1	Project Manager
conradadam	jfig	0	Developer
mcbridem2004	jfig	0	No specific role
mdsimpson	jfig	0	Developer
thewoolleyman	jfig	0	Developer
fthiemonge	jfilechecker	1	No specific role
bsponline	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
bssahu	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
gsergiu	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
jgrant	jfileexplorer	0	Web Designer
kmohans	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
rob-smith	jfileexplorer	0	Web Designer
scheruga	jfileexplorer	1	Project Manager
syhrus	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
jskress	jfilemerge	1	No specific role
mungady	jfinance	1	No specific role
andrewsquire	jfist	1	No specific role
rhickey	jfli	1	No specific role
zoeloeboeloe	jfontchooser	1	No specific role
ollix	jforce	1	Project Manager
omx	jforce	1	Project Manager
pontifex	jformatter	1	No specific role
sunil_ssm	jformmail	1	No specific role
fdolibois	jformular	1	Project Manager
jfq	jfqengine	1	No specific role
fjelmer	jfrace	1	No specific role
jptavares	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
mimil	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
preira	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
taqua	jfreedesigner	1	No specific role
mlippert	jfreeprofcenter	0	Developer
roock	jfreeprofcenter	1	No specific role
wbleek	jfreeprofcenter	0	Developer
dkincade	jfreereport	0	Developer
elassad	jfreereport	0	Developer
gmoran-pentaho	jfreereport	1	Distributor/Promoter
jaosch	jfreereport	0	Developer
mdamour1976	jfreereport	0	Developer
mimil	jfreereport	0	Developer
mungady	jfreereport	1	No specific role
ocke	jfreereport	0	Developer
taqua	jfreereport	1	Project Manager
til77	jfreereport	0	Developer
willgorman	jfreereport	0	Developer
ragnarwestad	jfsm	1	No specific role
pablod	jfuf	1	No specific role
semios	jfunc	1	No specific role
davidahall	jga	1	No specific role
ymenager	jgconfig	1	No specific role
boardsonair	jgedcom	1	No specific role
uwe_ewald	jgedit	1	No specific role
petersonx	jgeneva	1	No specific role
matts22	jgep	1	No specific role
musheno	jgfgj	1	No specific role
ageitgey	jgimp	0	Developer
scrumpty	jgimp	1	Project Manager
idevelopment	jglse	1	No specific role
sreehari	jglue	1	No specific role
ssamarug	jgml	1	No specific role
andriess	jgoose	1	Project Manager
frankotto	jgoose	0	Developer
genssler	jgoose	0	Developer
mkbauer	jgoose	1	Project Manager
moozet	jgoose	0	Developer
mtrifu	jgoose	0	Developer
olafseng	jgoose	1	Project Manager
phaller	jgoose	0	Developer
sourcebaer	jgoose	0	No specific role
sven_luzar	jgoose	1	Project Manager
szulman	jgoose	1	Developer
trifu	jgoose	0	Developer
d_benson	jgpd	1	Project Manager
acoronasz	jgrinder	0	Project Manager
dave_hoag	jgrinder	1	Project Manager
ericrwilliams	jgrinder	0	All-Hands Person
jhr0771	jgrinder	0	Developer
sabernethy	jgrinder	0	Developer
ssinclair2	jgrinder	0	Developer
hogie	jgt	1	No specific role
bpatters7	jgum	1	No specific role
draculak	jhc	1	No specific role
laullon	jhecomponent	1	No specific role
avivh	jhotdraw	0	Developer
benwimpory	jhotdraw	0	Developer
birdscurrybeer	jhotdraw	0	Developer
cfm1	jhotdraw	0	Developer
den_st	jhotdraw	0	Developer
dnoyeb	jhotdraw	0	Developer
egamma	jhotdraw	1	No specific role
gualo	jhotdraw	0	Developer
hogie	jhotdraw	0	Developer
huw12345	jhotdraw	0	Developer
jeckel	jhotdraw	1	No specific role
johnyu	jhotdraw	0	Developer
kastagg	jhotdraw	0	Developer
keeskuip	jhotdraw	0	Developer
kviswana	jhotdraw	0	Developer
lyardet	jhotdraw	0	Developer
mrfloppy	jhotdraw	1	Project Manager
mtnygard	jhotdraw	0	Developer
pleumann	jhotdraw	0	Developer
pmorch	jhotdraw	0	Developer
rawcoder	jhotdraw	0	Developer
ricardo_padilha	jhotdraw	0	Developer
santoshd	jhotdraw	0	Developer
sdaubin	jhotdraw	0	Developer
wiley16	jhotdraw	0	Developer
ckirkendall	jhtml	0	Developer
rsk	jhtml	1	No specific role
icoba	jic	1	No specific role
emyhre	jice	1	No specific role
briodev	jice-net	1	No specific role
ttlaitin	jicengine	1	No specific role
jaredhsieh	jicense	1	No specific role
ledesmafernando	jidec	1	No specific role
joniles	jiffie	1	No specific role
sconcha	jiframework	1	No specific role
aradeski	jiggle	1	No specific role
carlburch	jigsaw-ide	1	No specific role
jilia	jilia-editor	1	No specific role
acneto	jim2mov	1	No specific role
comikozie	jimbovector3d	1	All-Hands Person
shigeoka	jini-tools	1	Project Manager
tcmiller	jinit	1	No specific role
balilla	jink	1	Project Manager
dlegland	jipl	1	No specific role
mpf	jipsy	1	No specific role
kersing	jir	1	No specific role
argenacho	jiraconn	1	Developer
jaleibiusky	jiraconn	1	Developer
xiaohaihua	jisue	1	No specific role
glowe	jitter	1	Developer
jatsrt	jitter	1	Developer
melissa168	jitter	0	Developer
rekhar	jitter	0	Developer
runstang	jitter	1	Developer
tompte	jitter	0	Developer
johndavidtaylor	jjj	1	No specific role
alexyeo	jkernel	1	No specific role
mephidmann	jkurses	1	No specific role
aanand	jlauncher	0	Developer
ajavaguru	jlauncher	1	No specific role
davidtsao	jlauncher	1	Project Manager
janelee	jlauncher	0	Doc Writer
lordlust	jlcommand	1	No specific role
emorning	jlense	1	No specific role
lingni	jlense	1	Developer
tlauinge	jlf	1	No specific role
jwy	jlib	1	No specific role
mprudhom	jline	1	Project Manager
palminator	jline	0	No specific role
totem2004	jline	0	Developer
avian_freeware	jlink	1	No specific role
crunchyfroggie	jlink	0	Web Designer
toudiusz	jlinq	1	No specific role
coffeesoft	jlist2d	1	No specific role
hao_wu00	jlm	1	Project Manager
amecky	jlo	1	No specific role
terrydye	jlo	1	Project Manager
p_d_austin	jload	1	All-Hands Person
andymp	jlocator	1	No specific role
javaman	jlogger	1	No specific role
kickboxr	jlsguest	1	No specific role
rosthum	jmachine	1	No specific role
wiley-hacker	jmantools	1	No specific role
extreme_logic	jmapi	1	No specific role
ckirkendall	jmaths	0	Developer
mauriceling	jmaths	1	No specific role
tkubaska	jmaths	0	Doc Writer
ukimi367	jmaths	0	Developer
root84	jmdiframework	1	No specific role
adamselene	jme-swt	1	No specific role
wklaas	jmeasurement2	1	No specific role
setera	jmechanic	1	No specific role
octograve	jmetarparser	1	No specific role
acain	jmetric	1	Developer
rvasa	jmetric	1	Developer
a-san	jmichelle	1	No specific role
iga	jmichelle	1	No specific role
midori	jmichelle	1	Developer
nokamoto	jmichelle	1	No specific role
tak	jmichelle	1	No specific role
midori	jmidoriservice	1	No specific role
tschlabach	jmirage	1	No specific role
hedrik	jmmcms	1	All-Hands Person
ggridin	jmobilecore	1	Project Manager
jcwilk	jmod	0	No specific role
davidconnard	jmousewheel	1	Developer
dims	jmousewheel	1	No specific role
mhoesch	jmousewheel	1	Developer
mpowers	jmousewheel	1	No specific role
rosbaldeston	jmousewheel	1	No specific role
cine	jmove	1	No specific role
miju	jmove	1	No specific role
terfloth	jmove	1	Project Manager
blackdestiny	jmp	1	No specific role
fatboychucky	jmsbrowser	1	No specific role
jruesga	jmsmq	1	Project Manager
dv13090	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
lbroussal	jmxtools	0	Doc Writer
ld1979	jmxtools	1	No specific role
sbate	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
joa23	jmxunit	1	No specific role
aphofstede	jnative	0	Developer
fernando43	jnative	0	Developer
mdenty	jnative	1	No specific role
thubby	jnative	1	Project Manager
oj_returnnull	jncss4eclipse	1	All-Hands Person
gandralf	jndie	1	Developer
jcolson	jnetlib	1	Developer
xyombie	jnf	1	No specific role
rahulkumar	jniosocket	1	No specific role
tomy	jniosocket	1	Developer
thomasfr	jnlseditor	1	Project Manager
gilescope	jnormalform	1	Developer
tobiaseriksson	jntservices	1	Developer
sunheng	jobman	1	No specific role
angrob	jobyx	0	Tester
crazycomputers	jobyx	1	All-Hands Person
jveljan	jocolibs	1	No specific role
andylehane	joda	0	Developer
broneill	joda	1	Developer
gallard	joda	0	Developer
kandarp_shah	joda	0	Developer
scolebourne	joda	1	Project Manager
seangeo	joda	0	Developer
heuermh	joda-primitives	0	Developer
maartenc	joda-primitives	0	Developer
scolebourne	joda-primitives	1	No specific role
najgor	jodd	1	Project Manager
asal	jode	0	Developer
bernfarr	jode	0	Developer
buchalka	jode	0	Developer
hoenicke	jode	1	No specific role
jnash67	jode	0	Developer
seeksthemoon	jode	0	Developer
tradem	jode	0	Developer
hinselma	joelib	0	All-Hands Person
maunza	joelib	0	Developer
nhfechner	joelib	0	All-Hands Person
wegner	joelib	1	Project Manager
epinfo	joffad	1	Project Manager
florentd	joffad	0	Developer
gabriel_	joffad	0	Developer
hanzz	joffad	1	Developer
juangoncalves	joffad	1	Project Manager
odavy	joffad	0	No specific role
sgoumard	joffad	1	Project Manager
straumat	joffad	1	Developer
yannismurguet	joffad	0	Developer
prophecyslides	johndoe	1	No specific role
barrygently	joj	1	No specific role
tho23	jollector	1	No specific role
jomasoft	jomamqtools	1	No specific role
sherold	jonbas	1	No specific role
rufwork	joneone	1	No specific role
joo_ru	joomatic	1	No specific role
r790	joomm	1	No specific role
blujus	joone	0	Developer
boriskanazawa	joone	0	Developer
cezden	joone	0	Developer
cribeaud	joone	0	Developer
devoh	joone	0	Developer
dkern	joone	0	Developer
firestrand	joone	0	Developer
gavinla	joone	0	Developer
huascar80	joone	0	Developer
jeffheaton	joone	0	No specific role
julesnorman	joone	0	Developer
ouimetco	joone	0	Doc Writer
pmarrone	joone	1	Project Manager
tetsuyatsurugi	joone	0	Developer
tsmets	joone	0	Developer
yccheok	joone	0	Developer
andrewytf	jooone	1	No specific role
sm1979	jopenchart	1	Project Manager
brienze	jorm	1	Developer
bugzill	jorm	1	Project Manager
fabiowillow	jorm	1	Project Manager
racz	jorm	1	Project Manager
morgade	jotazul	1	No specific role
sebesiech	jpa	1	No specific role
cowand	jpalmdesktopfa	1	No specific role
bflorat	jpattern	1	No specific role
efeller	jpattern	1	Developer
kryst4l	jpattern	1	No specific role
giacometti	jpe	1	All-Hands Person
gillet	jpe	0	Developer
karve	jpe	0	No specific role
michelsanner	jpe	0	Developer
avaji	jpedal	0	No specific role
markee174	jpedal	1	Developer
ramanajv	jpedal	0	Developer
jamesp73	jpeeps	1	Developer
boson	jpeg2swf	1	No specific role
nathanmeyers	jperfanal	1	No specific role
trumpetinc	jpers	1	No specific role
dbrownell	jphoto	1	No specific role
klpauba	jpictools	1	No specific role
mvturnho	jpictools	0	All-Hands Person
avix	jpivot	1	No specific role
barozzi	jpivot	0	No specific role
ebuchner	jpivot	0	No specific role
hhaas	jpivot	0	No specific role
jacksonpd	jpivot	0	No specific role
jhyde	jpivot	0	No specific role
parkerb	jpivot	0	No specific role
paullucas	jpivot	0	No specific role
qinhui99	jpivot	0	Developer
remberson	jpivot	0	No specific role
robinbagot	jpivot	0	No specific role
sandeep_giri	jpivot	0	No specific role
sgwood	jpivot	0	No specific role
stflourd	jpivot	0	No specific role
uramisten	jpivot	0	No specific role
zapodot	jpivot	0	No specific role
srausch	jpk	1	Project Manager
jpki	jpkifontchooser	1	No specific role
fadushin	jpl	1	No specific role
paulsingleton	jpl	1	Project Manager
mike_werner	jpls	1	Developer
hargettp	jpm	1	No specific role
manthena	jpmonitor	1	No specific role
jonellsn	jpo	0	Developer
tfredrich	jpo	1	No specific role
javamozdude	jpo-eclipse	1	No specific role
crsadun	jpoller	1	No specific role
atretyakov	jpolls	0	Developer
cysonic	jpolls	0	Developer
esmiralha	jpolls	0	Developer
iype	jpolls	0	Developer
li_hua_yu	jpolls	0	Developer
manasilonkar	jpolls	0	Developer
osvaldo_andrade	jpolls	0	Developer
pkreglicki	jpolls	0	Web Designer
samuelg	jpolls	0	Developer
weakestlink	jpolls	1	All-Hands Person
cleghorn	jporta	0	Developer
djwade	jporta	1	Project Manager
jackerm	jporta	1	No specific role
minco	jporta	0	Developer
philips	jporta	0	Developer
cpilsworth	jportaltemplate	1	No specific role
devmonkey	jpreference	0	Developer
linuxrootadmn	jpreference	0	Developer
unixrootadmn	jpreference	1	Developer
chenandr	jpreferences	1	No specific role
sunya	jpreferences	1	All-Hands Person
billmair	jprogect	1	All-Hands Person
bomeyer	jprogect	0	Developer
zagnar	jprogect	0	Developer
stevesgee	jprojecttime	1	No specific role
pbloemendaal	jprops	1	No specific role
renardo22	jpropsedit	1	No specific role
anicoara	jprose	1	Project Manager
apopovic	jprose	1	No specific role
arfrei	jprose	0	Developer
nirpaz	jpt	1	No specific role
anton_slutsky	jptapi	1	All-Hands Person
bagrehc	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fpierre	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
gianlucazaggia	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
karschten	jptc	1	Developer
wte	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ericbodden	jptoolkit	1	No specific role
aeden	jpublish	1	Project Manager
florin_patrascu	jpublish	0	Developer
macksold	jpui	1	No specific role
stefast	jpx	1	Project Manager
nicanor	jquantify	1	No specific role
r_simoni	jqueen	1	Project Manager
dsjanzen	jquery	1	Project Manager
emccormi	jquery	1	Project Manager
jriecken	jquery	0	Developer
kdvolder	jquery	1	Project Manager
werdnagreb	jquery	1	Project Manager
kse	jquickbase	1	No specific role
wingad	jquizmaker	1	No specific role
kc7bfi	jras32	1	Project Manager
imran_k	jrdf	1	Developer
nermaljcat	jrdf	1	Developer
newmana	jrdf	1	Project Manager
pgearon	jrdf	1	Developer
tomadams	jrdf	1	Developer
ajavaguru	jrealms	1	Project Manager
davidtsao	jrealms	1	Project Manager
janelee	jrealms	0	Developer
jrealms	jrealms	0	Developer
babis	jreg	1	No specific role
roirex	jregedit	1	No specific role
samokhodkin	jregex	1	No specific role
alcabon	jregexptester	1	Developer
mblasi	jregression	1	All-Hands Person
pil	jregression	1	Project Manager
akuorela	jreleaser	0	Developer
kesaniemi	jreleaser	0	Developer
kootee	jreleaser	0	Developer
micsa	jreleaser	1	No specific role
mjheikk2	jreleaser	1	Project Manager
dannyor	jremarks	1	No specific role
oboehm	jrequest	1	No specific role
karneim	jrexx	1	Unix Admin
quadword718	jrexx	0	Web Designer
rm242	jrexx	1	Developer
joncrlsn	jrf	1	All-Hands Person
jvmjge	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
roder	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
tennant	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
wiesi1	jride	1	Developer
petrenkomaxim	jripples	1	No specific role
wraym	jriva	1	No specific role
gmur	jrmtool	1	Developer
jrosik	jrmtool	0	Developer
brozow	jrobin	1	Developer
cobralord	jrobin	0	Developer
dhustace	jrobin	1	Developer
djgregor	jrobin	0	Developer
mhuot	jrobin	0	No specific role
noahcampbell	jrobin	0	No specific role
rangerrick	jrobin	1	No specific role
saxon64	jrobin	1	Developer
tarus	jrobin	1	Project Manager
whurley	jrobin	1	Project Manager
jackh	jroseviewer	1	Project Manager
maggie_mi	jroseviewer	0	No specific role
meggleton	jrsyncwrapper	1	No specific role
khan_sultan	jrtm	1	All-Hands Person
kreativez	jrwrapper	1	No specific role
soal	js-1ibre	1	No specific role
serg_main	js-cache	1	No specific role
smissan	js-cache	0	Developer
serg_main	js-common	1	No specific role
smissan	js-common	0	Developer
takumi-h	js-commons	1	No specific role
mathewsheets	js-sdk	1	No specific role
serg_main	js-sso	1	No specific role
smissan	js-sso	0	Developer
ransom2002	jsad	1	No specific role
robertsanders	jsai	1	No specific role
jmutchek	jsap	0	Developer
mlamb	jsap	1	No specific role
svigna	jsap	0	Developer
zenon48	jsassertunit	1	No specific role
jumper45	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
sfatehi	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
clim1219	jscmt	1	Project Manager
delano	jscmt	0	No specific role
rouel1222	jscmt	0	No specific role
as6o	jscope	1	No specific role
ajaxforms	jscore	1	No specific role
mossop	jscreen	1	No specific role
pfil	jscroll	0	No specific role
tom_tessier	jscroll	1	No specific role
ispeters	jscyther	1	No specific role
fischeo	jsedit	0	Project Manager
jlawrence	jsedit	0	Developer
merc64	jsedit	0	Developer
wubo	jsedit	1	No specific role
adinu	jseditor	1	No specific role
agfitzp	jseditor	1	Developer
rdclark	jseditor	0	Developer
pvlasov	jsel	1	No specific role
sglee77	jsel	0	No specific role
bender2005	jsepade	1	No specific role
piratron	jserviceserver	1	No specific role
airatsa-sf	jservo	1	No specific role
wiedkla	jsesoft-mmbi	1	No specific role
akuhrwahl	jsf-spring	1	Project Manager
dariusch_z	jsf-spring	0	Developer
thomasjachmann	jsf-spring	1	Support Manager
wowo101	jsf-spring	0	Distributor/Promoter
mamachari	jsfilter	0	Developer
tomjnsn	jsfilter	1	No specific role
limin9	jsftab	1	No specific role
biddappa270478	jsfukti	1	No specific role
blured	jsh	0	Developer
collin_g	jsh	1	Project Manager
francisandre	jsh	0	No specific role
hchacha	jsh	0	Developer
medavidson	jsh	1	Project Manager
taweili	jsh	0	Developer
therandthem	jsh	0	Developer
pak25	jshadow	1	No specific role
djkhan	jshare	1	No specific role
agarza	jshttptest	1	No specific role
usefulthings	jsimplex	1	Project Manager
ffm	jslogger	1	No specific role
roeschter	jslwin	1	No specific role
activeleo	jsmartdepend	1	Project Manager
altctrldel	jsmartdepend	1	No specific role
firstcyberdemon	jsmeg	1	No specific role
mikeed	jsmeg	1	No specific role
psteix	jsmeg	1	No specific role
didosevilla	json	1	No specific role
tmyrtle	json	0	Developer
ibrahimov	jsonifier	1	No specific role
gbrault	jspdoc	1	No specific role
pmichalek	jsphere	1	No specific role
riazmd	jspin	1	No specific role
clevans	jsppp	1	No specific role
cybermike	jsptags	1	No specific role
epesh	jsptags	1	No specific role
m5sedan	jsptags	1	No specific role
niki	jsptags	0	No specific role
teknopaul	jsptemplate	1	No specific role
dcorbin	jspunit	1	No specific role
mrwooly	jspunit	1	No specific role
brainoffline	jspxtags	1	No specific role
aramir	jsqlbuilder	1	No specific role
cdonat	jsquash	1	No specific role
kaeverens	jsquash	0	No specific role
joegtp	jsquashfs	1	Developer
iga	jssaver	1	No specific role
rouslank	jssrg	1	No specific role
sschz	jstags	1	No specific role
mensk	jstaple	1	No specific role
pcauto	jstatemachine	1	No specific role
jstdio	jstdio	1	No specific role
daisuke-maki	jsthread	1	Developer
cyplm	jstm	1	No specific role
lbroussal	jstm	1	Developer
mpalmerlee	jstoolbox	1	No specific role
madleyreeves	jstorm	1	No specific role
natehop	jstracer	1	No specific role
cwensel	jstress	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
djw	jstress	1	Developer
egoodwin	jstress	0	No specific role
axelcl	jsurfer	1	Tester
niko_schmuck	jsurfer	1	Project Manager
an2478	jsutils	1	No specific role
pjjt	jsxml	1	Developer
tguinther	jsynch	1	No specific role
easytiger	jsystemtest	0	Developer
guy_arieli	jsystemtest	1	No specific role
mukion	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
pofider	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
qakid	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
rekhar	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
shmir	jsystemtest	1	Project Manager
escoem	jtad	1	Developer
evapgiron	jtad	1	Project Manager
dykstrom	jtags	1	Developer
wednesday	jtags	1	No specific role
jke	jtemporal	1	Developer
tabeck	jtemporal	1	No specific role
tabeckatwork	jtemporal	0	Developer
mrmx	jtgl	1	No specific role
emilianb	jtheme	1	No specific role
rhino-jthin	jthinado	1	No specific role
skuepper01	jthread	1	Developer
breidecker	jtimepiece	1	No specific role
rzulauf	jtlib	1	Project Manager
svenib	jtlib	1	Developer
rsfoley	jtmapeditor	1	No specific role
basata	jtopas	1	No specific role
n-a-c-h	jtt	1	Developer
yedidia	jtt	1	No specific role
aedil	jtts	1	No specific role
jeffkorn	jttt	1	Developer
jiechau	jttt	1	No specific role
rsfoley	jtutilities	1	All-Hands Person
andreasthiel	juca	1	No specific role
iotter	juca	1	Project Manager
niuton	juda	1	Developer
onotelli	juda	1	No specific role
tdunn	judo	1	No specific role
baskins	judy	1	No specific role
troyhebe	judy	1	Developer
beckchr	juel	1	No specific role
nimdok	jui	1	No specific role
bradford	juicplusplus	1	No specific role
vtt	jukebox4	1	No specific role
szegedia	julog	1	No specific role
kahro	jumix	1	No specific role
jeff_4747	jumlm	1	Project Manager
znerd	jump-math	1	No specific role
c0demangler	jumptousage	1	No specific role
clarkware	junit	0	No specific role
cmschmidt	junit	0	No specific role
dsaff	junit	1	Developer
egamma	junit	1	Developer
emeade	junit	1	Developer
kbeck	junit	1	No specific role
vbossica	junit	0	Developer
vbossica	junit-addons	1	Project Manager
thusted	junitbook	1	No specific role
vmassol	junitbook	1	No specific role
ralfreddin	junitdoc	1	All-Hands Person
kaila	junitee	0	Developer
lhoriman	junitee	0	No specific role
martinfr62	junitee	0	Developer
o_rossmueller	junitee	1	Project Manager
dsundstrom	junitejb	1	No specific role
dirkschreckmann	junitfaces	1	No specific role
stds	junitpp	1	All-Hands Person
wdsgoe	junitpp	1	No specific role
rdolgov	junitrunner	1	No specific role
vraravam	junitrunner	1	Developer
hughleat	junitscript	1	No specific role
mtnygard	junitservlet	1	Project Manager
heavenfighter	jupdate	0	Developer
lostmybrain	jupdate	1	Project Manager
tripplea	jupdate	0	Developer
fretful	jupdatellibrary	1	No specific role
neilweber	jurvis	1	No specific role
lucrus	justrun	1	Project Manager
tbuckel	jvalann	1	No specific role
balsterm	jvalid	0	Developer
mikewill_1998	jvalid	1	Project Manager
driehle	jvalue	1	No specific role
mlavergn	jvb	1	No specific role
acsoftware	jvcl	0	Doc Writer
ahuser	jvcl	0	Developer
asnepvangers	jvcl	0	Developer
beckmi	jvcl	1	Project Manager
casterle	jvcl	0	Developer
cycocrew	jvcl	0	Developer
elahn	jvcl	0	Developer
emolendijk	jvcl	0	Developer
flyingboy	jvcl	0	Developer
grenzi_r	jvcl	0	Developer
heinzz	jvcl	0	Developer
infofred	jvcl	0	Developer
ivan_ra	jvcl	0	Developer
jfudickar	jvcl	0	Developer
kaju74	jvcl	0	Developer
marquardt	jvcl	0	Developer
mthoma	jvcl	1	No specific role
obones	jvcl	1	Project Manager
ogiesen	jvcl	0	Developer
osdm	jvcl	0	Developer
outchy	jvcl	0	Developer
peter3	jvcl	0	Developer
progdigy	jvcl	0	Developer
rayspostbox3	jvcl	0	Developer
rbraasem	jvcl	0	Developer
remkobonte	jvcl	0	Developer
sverige	jvcl	0	Developer
uschuster	jvcl	0	Developer
wpostma	jvcl	0	Developer
enkaynat	jversatile	1	No specific role
arbi	jvf	1	No specific role
jedi_mbe	jvinspector	1	Project Manager
andreagoethals	jviz	1	No specific role
aanno	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
artemgr	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
ashley-y	jvm-bridge	1	Project Manager
carola	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
joernkoch	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
js1984	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
rbeeger	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
roock	jwamdomainvalue	1	No specific role
becker-pechau	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
carola	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
joernkoch	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamenvironment	1	Project Manager
kornstaedt	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
rbeeger	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
roock	jwamenvironment	1	No specific role
rschmelzer	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
carola	jwamforms	0	Developer
joernkoch	jwamforms	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamforms	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamforms	0	Developer
rbeeger	jwamforms	0	Developer
roock	jwamforms	1	No specific role
js1984	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
rbeeger	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
roock	jwamtoolconstr	1	No specific role
carola	jwamutil	1	Developer
joernkoch	jwamutil	1	Developer
js1984	jwamutil	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamutil	1	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamutil	1	Developer
rbeeger	jwamutil	1	Developer
roock	jwamutil	1	No specific role
paulebob	jwaretechniques	1	No specific role
sfloess	jwaretechniques	0	All-Hands Person
atr	jwarp	1	Project Manager
bantle	jwarp	1	Developer
mschaefer	jwarp	1	Developer
seebass	jwarp	1	Developer
infogest	jwe	1	Project Manager
arimus	jweather	1	Project Manager
kellerds	jweather	0	Developer
ndjones	jweather	0	No specific role
quicksilver62	jweather	0	Developer
dmcabrera	jweaver	1	No specific role
sjooseng	jwebdir	1	No specific role
brindy	jwf	1	No specific role
nikder	jwf	0	Developer
rodrigomalara	jwf	0	Developer
roock	jwikiplatform	1	No specific role
w_ready99	jwizardcmponent	1	No specific role
hardywoody	jwoody	1	No specific role
greenbacker	jwords	1	No specific role
mungady	jworkbook	1	No specific role
hal__	jworkfloweditor	1	No specific role
dmusicant	jws-plugin-auth	1	No specific role
ccuilla	jxbeans	1	No specific role
sseaman	jxbre	1	Project Manager
nivekh	jxconfig	1	No specific role
jgreen6	jxhtml	1	Support Manager
jimmikebowden	jxhtml	0	Developer
kirkh	jxhtml	1	Project Manager
kingb_98	jxm	1	No specific role
sseaman	jxmenu	1	No specific role
kswarts	jxml	1	Project Manager
tunemn1	jxml	0	Developer
fredgilbert	jxmleditor	1	Project Manager
bubi	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
govobjdevmaster	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
ikunin	jxmlguibuilder	1	Developer
kakienitz	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
kknobloch	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
lakerius	jxmlguibuilder	0	Tester
pkoeker	jxmlguibuilder	1	Developer
psi_ag	jxmlguibuilder	1	No specific role
psi_ag_toff	jxmlguibuilder	0	No specific role
rvillaver	jxn	1	No specific role
arieroy	jxpfw	0	Developer
herman74	jxpfw	0	Developer
kdwaard	jxpfw	0	No specific role
keess	jxpfw	1	Project Manager
martijnbaels	jxpfw	0	Developer
nuub666	jxpfw	0	Developer
theovlastuin	jxpfw	0	Developer
as_tiwari	jxquick	0	No specific role
bigliard	jxquick	0	Developer
blaforge	jxquick	1	No specific role
damieng	jxquick	0	No specific role
dtauzel	jxquick	1	No specific role
jaronson	jxquick	0	No specific role
kumara	jxquick	0	No specific role
madheshr	jxquick	0	No specific role
rleftwich	jxquick	0	No specific role
sarjana	jxquick	0	No specific role
simonstl	jxquick	1	No specific role
sudeshsoni	jxquick	1	Developer
thomasp20	jxquick	0	No specific role
a_lumyanski	jxsd	1	No specific role
paul_galbraith	jxsql	1	No specific role
binkley	jxul2	1	No specific role
avollmer	jxunit	0	Developer
bgpalmer	jxunit	0	Developer
blaforge	jxunit	1	No specific role
davekeller	jxunit	0	No specific role
evarga	jxunit	0	Developer
matsh	jxunit	0	No specific role
pliang	jxunit	0	Developer
rleftwich	jxunit	0	Developer
sarjana	jxunit	0	No specific role
sudeshsoni	jxunit	1	Developer
thomasp20	jxunit	0	Developer
kevem	jxutil	1	Project Manager
red-robin	jydt	1	Project Manager
sandpipermidi	jydt	0	Developer
adamdickmeiss	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
ianibbo	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
ralphlevan	jzjkit	1	Developer
rob_tice	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
xexuxjy	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
mike_2000	k8055-java-wrap	1	No specific role
shashikantp	kaboom	1	No specific role
kuaw26	kactrls4delphi	1	No specific role
bblfish	kafenio	0	Developer
feuerflitzer	kafenio	0	No specific role
fflorian	kafenio	0	Developer
jkitcat	kafenio	0	Tester
kni67	kafenio	0	Tester
netsrak	kafenio	1	No specific role
phoenixfr	kafenio	0	Developer
kage-chan	kagpro	1	Project Manager
atzoris	kaistar	0	Developer
gpapandrea	kaistar	1	Project Manager
kaitano	kaistar	1	Project Manager
lucadex	kaistar	1	Project Manager
lucilla	kaistar	0	Developer
mbertagnini	kaistar	1	Project Manager
mensini	kaistar	0	Developer
muzero	kaistar	0	Developer
ainvar	kaiview	1	No specific role
a-sennov	kaji	1	No specific role
kakilik	kakilik	1	No specific role
tavakoly	kakilik	0	No specific role
rsramanujam	kamadhenu	1	No specific role
anagha_m	kamaelia	0	Developer
bghose	kamaelia	0	No specific role
celestialryan	kamaelia	0	Developer
devendra_l	kamaelia	0	Developer
jlei	kamaelia	0	No specific role
matth_rd	kamaelia	1	Developer
ms_	kamaelia	1	Project Manager
pitt2	kamaelia	0	Developer
tara-	kamaelia	0	Developer
thf_dev	kamaelia	0	Developer
warrenking	kamaelia	0	No specific role
ccshan	kanren	0	Developer
dfried	kanren	0	Developer
dwmack	kanren	0	Developer
oleg	kanren	1	Developer
webyrd	kanren	0	Developer
chaosknight	kaoticworld	1	No specific role
krylloan	kapi	1	No specific role
daleanson	kappalayout	1	No specific role
michelcoene	karekol	1	No specific role
scala	karis	0	Project Manager
svinot	karis	1	Project Manager
fpena	kasai	1	Developer
mpena	kasai	0	Developer
norbes	kasai	1	Developer
rzuasti	kasai	1	Project Manager
forafish	kayagres	1	No specific role
kmmoens	kaylo	0	Developer
wlievens	kaylo	1	Project Manager
aferraria	kbee-workflow	1	No specific role
shermann	kchangelogedit	1	Developer
andamooker	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
dot	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
atspi	kdev-mysql-drv	1	No specific role
ewald-arnold	kdevcppunit	1	No specific role
adymo	kdevelop	1	Developer
rokrau	kdevelop	1	No specific role
theophys	kdevelop	1	No specific role
jeffrafter	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
ckack	kea	1	No specific role
hsc	kea	0	Developer
huangt	kea	1	No specific role
huhu71	kea	0	Developer
k3ys	kea	1	No specific role
kaaba	kea	0	Developer
indyr5k	keasprjmngr	1	Developer
srvrstrypr	keasprjmngr	1	Web Designer
arossi	keel	1	Developer
atao2	keel	0	Developer
chatterj	keel	1	Developer
eliotclingman	keel	0	Developer
jeffrichley	keel	0	Developer
joshira	keel	0	No specific role
lrm718	keel	0	Developer
mcpadawan	keel	0	Developer
mprn	keel	1	Developer
northgorky	keel	0	Developer
petecarapetyan	keel	1	All-Hands Person
pjbrownva	keel	0	Developer
rthoma	keel	0	Developer
sdutt	keel	0	Developer
spaddo	keel	0	Developer
suppcast	kencoder	1	Project Manager
stenrs	kengu	1	Project Manager
kennwww	kennwhite	1	No specific role
hohehohe2	kerama	1	Developer
nitrogenycs	kerama	1	Developer
waterbug	kerama	1	Developer
akawaka	kgb	1	Developer
egeland	kgb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
inful	kgb	1	Developer
kjetilt	kgb	0	Developer
roho	kgb	0	Developer
skarab24	kgine	1	All-Hands Person
chiabai	kgis	1	No specific role
pcg	kgsueme	1	No specific role
jeffmclean	kgx	1	No specific role
steve_stewart	kgx	0	No specific role
javarome	kicsa	1	Developer
lricher	kicsa	1	Developer
dstanek	kid-template	1	Developer
rtomayko	kid-template	1	No specific role
drblast	kidbasic	1	Project Manager
fhendrikx	kidbasic	0	Developer
igb_ppp	kidbasic	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tony007	kidbasic	0	Developer
chenxiaodong	kilter	0	No specific role
liushunian	kilter	0	No specific role
wangyuanyi	kilter	1	Project Manager
suppcast	kinterdev	1	No specific role
curvepusher	kioskcontrol	1	Developer
omulvihill	kioskcontrol	1	Project Manager
karrycz	kjeditor	1	No specific role
slawrance	kjmouse	1	No specific role
eck	klibs	1	No specific role
jrtgans	klibs	0	Developer
moribundus	klibs	1	Graphic/Other Designer
pguyot	klibs	1	No specific role
tempel	klibs	0	No specific role
vrehorst	klibs	0	No specific role
andreas_baumann	kmtraceviewer	1	No specific role
colas	koalagraphics	1	No specific role
cioannou	kodigo	1	Content Management
vortex571	kodigo	0	Developer
yeyi	kodigo	1	No specific role
twar3draconis	kompozerport	1	No specific role
creek23	konsolscript	1	Project Manager
jjengland	konsolscript	0	Tester
syx_thr33	konsolscript	0	Doc Writer
cadmaniac	kontrollerlab	1	No specific role
squeeze	kontrollerlab	0	Developer
thomasgruebler	kontrollerlab	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
woodghost	kontrollerlab	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kozik1	konwert	1	No specific role
kpontology	kpontology	1	No specific role
alexannika	kprof	0	Developer
bab	kprof	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cdesmond	kprof	1	Project Manager
desmondc	kprof	1	Project Manager
fpillet	kprof	1	No specific role
thor574	krass	1	No specific role
jalal	krefty	1	No specific role
mrasnika	krumo	1	No specific role
ayosher	kscope	0	Developer
elad_lahav	kscope	1	No specific role
szorcsford	kscope	0	Developer
fbilhaut	ksql	1	Project Manager
chrisreed	kuimlrenderer	0	No specific role
kapilch	kuimlrenderer	1	No specific role
aspa	kvanttisms	1	No specific role
msyrjala	kvanttisms	1	Developer
kristov	kvtest	1	All-Hands Person
kaid_fr	kwnd	1	No specific role
haustein	kxml	1	No specific role
magiconair	kxml	0	Developer
nikee	kxml	0	Developer
ph_la	kxml	0	Developer
pleumann	kxml	0	Developer
taweili	kxml	0	Developer
hartig	kxmleditor	0	Developer
lvanek	kxmleditor	1	Project Manager
brovienas	kylixlibs	1	No specific role
plcl	kylixlibs	0	Developer
kyriostec	kyrios	1	Unix Admin
jrccid	l-proy	1	No specific role
jsinx	l2tommy	1	No specific role
mgebha	labeldecorator	1	Developer
jkring	labpython	1	No specific role
labviewer	labpython	1	Developer
stevezins	labpython	1	No specific role
fhwang	lafcadio	1	No specific role
andyscherzinger	lagoony	1	Developer
herrn	lagoony	1	Developer
matthiasmaurer	lagoony	1	Developer
thomasfelber	lagoony	1	Developer
yecai_lai	lai-dictionary	1	No specific role
archan	lainos	1	Graphic/Other Designer
m477	lainos	1	Developer
majestic-12	lainos	1	Web Designer
mwdx	lainos	0	Developer
neovanglist	lainos	1	Project Manager
xuric	lainos	0	Support Manager
zn4k	lainos	0	All-Hands Person
lumata	lamp5	1	No specific role
erle_dzus	landxmlsdk	0	No specific role
nathancrews	landxmlsdk	1	No specific role
rythin	lanmanwiki	1	No specific role
vijoy	lanmanwiki	0	Support Technician
flrt	lantern	1	No specific role
pensarguet	lantern	0	Developer
cyberwarriorx	lapetus	1	No specific role
darrint	lapidary	0	Developer
jjthrash	lapidary	0	Developer
terraalien	lapidary	1	No specific role
akshun_j	laptoplinux	1	Project Manager
astralissimo	laptoplinux	0	Developer
gorn	laptoplinux	1	Developer
knightabe	laptoplinux	1	Developer
montanaro	largefiles	1	No specific role
schlatterbeck	largefiles	1	Project Manager
fypraxa	largemask	1	Developer
golthar	lascos	1	No specific role
ritujain	laszloextension	1	No specific role
latestlinux	latestlinux	1	All-Hands Person
chicane	latte	1	No specific role
ryanw	latte	1	No specific role
ingorichter	launcheclipse	1	No specific role
luciferc	layman	1	No specific role
bigbadcoder	lazybones	1	No specific role
alexfont	lbaprojects	0	Web Designer
kargeor	lbaprojects	1	No specific role
obrasilo	lbaprojects	0	Developer
aglitke	lbs	0	Developer
bullpen	lbs	0	No specific role
christiansen	lbs	0	Developer
epasch	lbs	0	No specific role
frankeh	lbs	0	Developer
gerrithuizenga	lbs	0	Developer
hadeg	lbs	0	Developer
harnett	lbs	0	Developer
hartner	lbs	0	Developer
hlinder	lbs	0	Developer
janis	lbs	0	Developer
jwright	lbs	1	No specific role
kenroz	lbs	0	Developer
lotsbug	lbs	1	No specific role
n0ano	lbs	1	No specific role
nagar	lbs	0	Developer
ndabney	lbs	1	No specific role
paulmckenney	lbs	0	Developer
raybry	lbs	0	Developer
sunil	lbs	0	Project Manager
timw	lbs	1	All-Hands Person
wookie	lbs	0	Project Manager
lbell	lbugtrack	1	No specific role
derkork	lcarsx	1	All-Hands Person
lcarsvision	lcarsx	1	Project Manager
stefan222	lcd-1wire-jar	1	Developer
ctron	lcl	1	Project Manager
merlinld	lcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
true_mojo	lcolorpicker	1	No specific role
aiju	ldap-pp	1	Developer
lais	ldap-pp	0	Developer
bcesare	ldapdotnetlib	1	No specific role
mbulava	ldapdotnetlib	0	Developer
karlsfre	ldapeclipse	1	No specific role
adamskogman	ldaptemplate	0	Developer
marthursson	ldaptemplate	1	Project Manager
ulsa	ldaptemplate	1	No specific role
brunoloff	ldt	1	No specific role
oubliete	leafs	1	No specific role
lizeqiang	learnmac	1	No specific role
freeborg	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
panther_d	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
anthonyrc	lecroyib	1	No specific role
larryss	lecroyib	1	Project Manager
anthonyrc	lecroyvicp	1	No specific role
larryss	lecroyvicp	1	Project Manager
ledestin	ledestin	1	No specific role
tjpsoftware	ledgerlink	1	No specific role
bde	leech	1	All-Hands Person
breivald	leech	0	Developer
lpackham	leesmp3class	1	No specific role
gc159128	lefthand	0	Developer
jacek_s	lefthand	1	Project Manager
lefthand_pawel	lefthand	1	Developer
lefthand_robert	lefthand	1	No specific role
piotrp	lefthand	0	Developer
undoo	lefthand	0	Developer
cybersys	legacy2linux	1	No specific role
effevi	legacytcl	1	No specific role
vampiera	legacytcl	1	Project Manager
funplc	legatonet	1	No specific role
buzzmaster	legnetrpc	1	No specific role
larix	legong	0	Web Designer
thaberkern	legong	1	Developer
gybenoit	legum	1	No specific role
dengoy	lemonsms	0	No specific role
mvivas	lemonsms	1	No specific role
nocs	lemonsms	0	Developer
demetres	leonardolibrary	1	Project Manager
elbevacq	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
finocchi	leonardolibrary	0	Project Manager
ribbi	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
rrib	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
thepomy	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
brentonhouse	lepus	0	Developer
brianoneil	lepus	1	Developer
dlawton	lepus	0	Developer
jdecarlo	lepus	1	Developer
superflyz	lernquiz	1	No specific role
boneill42	lesa	1	No specific role
cumesoftware	lesser-libs	1	Project Manager
dulcetguy	lesser-libs	0	Developer
eviljorge	lesser-libs	0	Developer
amai	lesstif	0	No specific role
dannybackx	lesstif	1	No specific role
rwscott	lesstif	0	No specific role
squeen	lesstif	0	Developer
ssiddiqi	lesstif	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
yanyanshen	letk	1	No specific role
kurund	letsanswer	1	No specific role
csakatoku	leuchtturm	1	No specific role
tony_lai	leverpack	1	No specific role
rodrigoallemand	leviticus	1	No specific role
azlatanov	lfc	0	Developer
dsecrieru	lfc	1	Project Manager
jvirs	lfc	0	Developer
kdz13	lfc	0	Developer
lemo	lfc	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nvembar	lfc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vishakha	lfc	0	Developer
mrslim	lflickr	1	Project Manager
martingallagher	lfp	0	Developer
ti_chris	lfp	1	No specific role
fret	lgi	1	No specific role
nytehorse	lgi	0	No specific role
pkaluski	lguitest	1	No specific role
lhksoft	lhktools	1	No specific role
bluebear-dk	lib-bluestats	1	No specific role
bertrik	lib-lpc2k	1	Developer
njansen	lib-lpc2k	1	Project Manager
shahzeb_ihsan	lib-lpc2k	1	Project Manager
jcmschmutz	lib2022	0	Web Designer
ternaryd	lib2022	1	No specific role
fjardon	lib3df	1	No specific role
blader22	lib4j	0	Developer
raffe_paffe	lib4j	1	Project Manager
milek	lib5600x	1	No specific role
alboehm	libadacrypt-dev	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cforler	libadacrypt-dev	1	No specific role
atomm1024	libaim	1	No specific role
bdb	libaim	1	No specific role
jonathanb	libaim	1	No specific role
goodtim	libaimvb	1	No specific role
justin_shreve	libajax	1	Project Manager
andreymirzoyan	libapl	1	No specific role
lmarzullo	libappobj	1	No specific role
vlg	libassa	1	No specific role
libatron	libatron	1	No specific role
boblun	libaudioio	1	No specific role
alsierra	libavc1394	0	Developer
ddennedy	libavc1394	1	Project Manager
mando_woodie	libavc1394	0	Developer
nurgle	libavc1394	0	Developer
psinatmium	libavc1394	0	Developer
riotgear	libax	1	No specific role
ayqazi	libayq	1	All-Hands Person
kazimirov	libb	1	All-Hands Person
artimage	libbase32	0	Developer
mapcar	libbase32	0	No specific role
mccoy	libbase32	0	Developer
myers_carpenter	libbase32	1	Developer
nejucomo	libbase32	0	Developer
zooko	libbase32	1	No specific role
alonk	libbash	1	Developer
gilran	libbash	1	Developer
hai-zaar	libbash	1	No specific role
meeuw	libbash	0	Developer
andrewbull99	libbetfair-api	0	Developer
russgray	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
vossie	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
dynamite	libbinio	1	Developer
uschok	libbsl	1	No specific role
alien999999999	libbt	0	Developer
bascule	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
dbpotgieter	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
jbarons	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
ksmathers	libbt	1	No specific role
lonetech	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
ranzbak	libbt	0	Developer
shenson	libbt	0	Developer
sit	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
synx13	libbt	0	Developer
tamzdrgn	libbt	0	Developer
jferraz	libbx	1	No specific role
halaszvari	libcconf	1	No specific role
pbalogh	libcconf	0	Developer
canislupus	libcctest	1	No specific role
airborne	libcddb	1	Developer
jcaratzas	libcddb	1	Project Manager
rockyb	libcddb	0	Developer
enzo	libcdrip	1	No specific role
ludvigm	libcfgp	1	No specific role
djerome	libcfi	1	No specific role
thermal	libcfig	1	No specific role
regexman	libcfu	1	No specific role
aziegelb	libcisco	1	No specific role
augestad	libclc	1	Project Manager
mollinie	libclc	0	Web Designer
randyhoward	libclc	0	Developer
dprotti	libcmt	1	No specific role
photoneffect	libcon	1	No specific role
ejoy	libconfig	1	No specific role
mkzmx	libconio	1	No specific role
salvadorfb	libconio	1	Developer
bsdfan3	libcpu	1	No specific role
rickbeton	libcsp	1	No specific role
cbond	libctk	0	No specific role
doviende	libctk	1	No specific role
neuro	libctk	1	Developer
rol	libctk	0	No specific role
terpstra	libctk	1	No specific role
torsten	libctk	1	No specific role
trakker	libctk	1	No specific role
elesage	libcw	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
libcw	libcw	1	All-Hands Person
clsk	libcwd	0	Tester
libcw	libcwd	1	No specific role
phase	libcwd	0	Tester
hfiguiere	libcwk	1	No specific role
hub	libcwk	1	Project Manager
gcogniaux	libcx	1	No specific role
mcu	libd20	1	Project Manager
royratcliffe	libdaemonselect	1	No specific role
virtex	libdate	1	No specific role
kwaclaw	libdb-dotnet	1	No specific role
pazzooo	libdbms	1	Project Manager
tshadb	libdbutil	1	No specific role
ajalkane	libdht	1	Project Manager
dsamersoff	libdms	1	No specific role
mbelop	libdms	0	Developer
svolokitina	libdms	0	Developer
kingofgib	libds	1	No specific role
esimone	libdsml2	1	No specific role
sonarnerd	libdsp	1	All-Hands Person
supertaz	libdthreads	1	No specific role
ecostanza	libdtouch	1	No specific role
justen_hyde	libdtouch	0	No specific role
sinverso	libdtouch	0	No specific role
jbm	libedio	1	No specific role
thehobbit	libedit	1	No specific role
mrmacman_g4	libfinch	1	No specific role
dustintrammell	libfindrtp	1	No specific role
helge5	libfoundation	1	No specific role
ovidiu	libfoundation	1	All-Hands Person
zauju	libframegrabber	1	No specific role
esammer	libfssearch	1	Project Manager
cemason	libgba	1	No specific role
maxmars	libgba	0	Developer
tb100	libgba	1	Project Manager
axilmar73	libgc	1	No specific role
nijibabulu	libgenc	1	No specific role
murphycode	libgenma	1	No specific role
sbfaulkner	libgenx	1	No specific role
gpardini	libgexecutor	1	No specific role
saettaz	libgfeed	1	No specific role
murrayc	libglademm	1	Developer
scorpio	libglademm	1	No specific role
stas_zytkiewicz	libgmail	0	No specific role
wdaher	libgmail	0	No specific role
xfollower	libgmail	1	No specific role
odinhuntr	libgmonopd	1	No specific role
braddabug	libgui	1	Project Manager
skapare	libh	1	No specific role
domatlantida	libhandlers	1	No specific role
kzamir	libhdate	1	No specific role
null_and_void	libhfs	1	No specific role
emery	libhoard	1	No specific role
kballen	libhunk	1	No specific role
apankrat	libike	1	No specific role
garyjharris	libinfo	1	No specific role
s_a_white	libini	1	No specific role
markusheinz	libinklevel	1	No specific role
gyunaev	libircclient	1	All-Hands Person
tiian	libjf	1	No specific role
jmmcg	libjmmcg	1	All-Hands Person
madduck	libkdtree	1	No specific role
devilplus	libkosl	1	Project Manager
masi	liblatin1	1	No specific role
nando76	liblog	1	No specific role
ihv	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
zaufi	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
askalski	libmcal	0	No specific role
chuck	libmcal	1	Project Manager
inan	libmcal	0	No specific role
magistr	libmcal	0	Developer
markie	libmcal	1	No specific role
rufustfirefly	libmcal	0	No specific role
zircote	libmcal	1	No specific role
loosifer	libmetrics	1	No specific role
libmluv	libmluv	1	No specific role
mooreb	libmooreb	1	No specific role
aotto1968	libmsgque	1	No specific role
p4p3r0	libndsfpc	1	No specific role
gfoot	libnet	1	No specific role
tjaden	libnet	1	No specific role
jshepher	libnix	1	No specific role
avanox	libnox	1	Project Manager
rbruma	libnwrap	1	No specific role
alexhornby	libodbcxx	1	Developer
alexoss	libodbcxx	0	Developer
janrune	libodbcxx	0	Developer
lothrop	libodbcxx	1	Developer
manush	libodbcxx	1	Developer
petehug	libodbcxx	1	Developer
mrf	libonyx	1	Developer
dezelin	liboptical	1	No specific role
davidwilson	libopus	1	No specific role
jgoetsch	libopus	1	No specific role
karmicro	libopus	1	Project Manager
pace	libopus	1	No specific role
ymanma	libox	1	No specific role
rvinyard	libpapyrus	1	No specific role
archiecobbs	libpdel	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mgooderum	libpdel	1	Project Manager
jpitts	libpdu	1	No specific role
dvogel0	libpg	1	No specific role
dov-g	libplis	1	No specific role
tragicwarrior	libpseudo	1	No specific role
rbdj	libpvm	1	No specific role
rdj	libpvm	1	No specific role
gshort	libqpro	1	No specific role
blightx0r	libqxl	1	No specific role
afe_coda	libqxt	1	Project Manager
alqualos	libqxt	0	No specific role
bnilsen	libqxt	0	Developer
jpnurmi	libqxt	0	Developer
magotari	libqxt	0	Editorial/Content Writer
markpetryk	libqxt	0	Developer
mashmorgan	libqxt	0	Developer
xparanoidj	libqxt	1	Project Manager
zbenjamin	libqxt	0	Developer
dj51d	libradio	1	No specific role
wedge-antilles	librandom	1	No specific role
aeb	libraw1394	1	No specific role
bencollins	libraw1394	1	No specific role
ddennedy	libraw1394	0	No specific role
pdoane	libre	0	No specific role
vouillon	libre	1	No specific role
harshy	librendevous	0	Developer
sadjester	librendevous	1	No specific role
sunking	librendevous	0	Web Designer
todesschaf	librendevous	1	Developer
tritiumosu	librendevous	0	Tester
ajalkane	libreudp	1	Developer
lteo	libroots	0	No specific role
njuneja	libroots	1	Developer
weierophinney	librox-perl	1	No specific role
abo	librsync	1	Developer
bescoto	librsync	1	Developer
jgoerzen	librsync	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mbp	librsync	1	All-Hands Person
sfllaw	librsync	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tromer	librsync	0	Developer
wayned	librsync	1	Developer
tomek_h	librtf	1	No specific role
yukiikyuta	libsairyx	1	No specific role
djerome	libscl	1	No specific role
tmassi	libsfee-perl	1	No specific role
s_parlane	libshare	1	No specific role
sonarnerd	libsharedmem	1	No specific role
poettering	libshbuf	1	No specific role
samc	libshbuf	1	Developer
daniel_e	libsigc	0	Developer
hvr	libsigc	0	No specific role
kenelson	libsigc	1	No specific role
ldv	libsigc	0	No specific role
murrayc	libsigc	1	No specific role
rottmann	libsigc	0	Developer
teebaum	libsigc	1	Project Manager
rottmann	libsigcx	1	No specific role
bonzini	libsigsegv	1	Developer
haible	libsigsegv	1	No specific role
genone	libsilt	1	Project Manager
nikias	libsilt	0	Developer
lestang	libsmtp	0	No specific role
t_benk	libsmtp	1	No specific role
yebo	libsmtp	0	No specific role
umeditor	libsnet	1	Project Manager
umjarod	libsnet	1	Developer
wescraig	libsnet	1	Developer
asayama	libspe	0	Developer
d_herrendoerfer	libspe	1	Developer
gerhard_stenzel	libspe	1	Developer
hiro_m	libspe	0	Developer
rseiffert	libspe	1	Project Manager
edschouten	libspiff	0	Developer
hartwork	libspiff	1	Project Manager
trolocsis	libspython	1	No specific role
evertonm	libsrv	0	No specific role
vanrein	libsrv	1	No specific role
ange1a	libssh2	0	No specific role
bagder	libssh2	1	Developer
dbrobins	libssh2	0	Developer
dfandrich	libssh2	0	Developer
dottedmag	libssh2	0	Developer
edink	libssh2	0	Developer
gknauf	libssh2	0	Developer
jas4711	libssh2	0	Developer
jehousley	libssh2	0	Developer
puudeli	libssh2	0	Developer
sarag	libssh2	1	Project Manager
schneesturm	libssh2	0	Developer
tor2	libssh2	0	Developer
wez	libssh2	0	Developer
proberts99	libsssd	1	No specific role
vlm	libstrfunc	1	No specific role
vss	libstrfunc	0	Developer
jes	libstring	1	No specific role
eduardoaguiar	libswf	1	No specific role
edgarzpp	libsx	1	Developer
flcl_2001	libsx	1	Project Manager
lacax	libsx	1	Project Manager
freedom	libtabe	0	No specific role
hao	libtabe	0	No specific role
shawn	libtabe	1	No specific role
thhsieh	libtabe	0	No specific role
william	libtabe	0	No specific role
coldstore	libtclpq	1	No specific role
akitabright	libtek	1	No specific role
eltvn	libtermsrv	1	Developer
max_av	libtermsrv	1	No specific role
omegaprojects	libtext	1	No specific role
ilttv	libthreadpool	1	No specific role
lostclus	libtimidity	1	No specific role
vktr	libtour	1	No specific role
cmbrandenburg	libtric	1	No specific role
silverfunk	libtric	0	No specific role
codeserf	libtui	1	Developer
derbeyn	libtune	1	No specific role
dionjp	libtune	1	Project Manager
vaclavslavik	libunicows	1	No specific role
michelan	libup	1	All-Hands Person
gbloisi	liburi	1	No specific role
bradh	libusb	0	Developer
cdfrey	libusb	0	Developer
ebcdic	libusb	0	Developer
hjelmn	libusb	0	Developer
hun	libusb	0	Developer
jerdfelt	libusb	1	Developer
jjreynold	libusb	0	Developer
uncleop	libusb	0	Developer
marquardt	libusb-win32	0	Developer
peerroyla	libusb-win32	0	Developer
ste_meyer	libusb-win32	1	Project Manager
crincon	libuts	1	No specific role
feeel	libv	1	No specific role
chaos-dev	libvalkyrie	1	No specific role
tragicwarrior	libviper	1	No specific role
aceman_2000	libvsml	1	No specific role
psyon	libw11	1	No specific role
caelum	libwin32-exp	1	No specific role
wonder_mice	libxdt	1	No specific role
cleit	libxls	1	No specific role
kvmurom	libxls	1	All-Hands Person
tony2001	libxls	0	Developer
alexxy	libxml2f90	1	No specific role
bic2k	libxmlconf	1	No specific role
manuel_bl	libxpp	1	No specific role
g17m0	libymp	1	No specific role
khanreaper	libzi	1	No specific role
artimage	libzstr	0	Developer
icepick	libzstr	1	No specific role
mapcar	libzstr	0	Developer
mccoy	libzstr	0	Developer
nejucomo	libzstr	0	Developer
zooko	libzstr	1	No specific role
kaufi	libztl	1	Project Manager
upes	libztl	1	Project Manager
artimage	libzutil	0	Developer
icepick	libzutil	1	No specific role
mccoy	libzutil	0	Developer
nejucomo	libzutil	0	Developer
zooko	libzutil	1	No specific role
tom_weber	libzz	1	No specific role
jackiy	light	1	Developer
sonyichi	light	1	No specific role
electron100	lightfeather	1	No specific role
mm765	lightfeather	1	No specific role
spech	lightfire3d	1	No specific role
cesarmello	lightforms	1	No specific role
hugo_pl	lightforms	0	Developer
tradams	lightforms	0	Developer
lightro	lightro2	1	No specific role
digx	lightsign	1	No specific role
ad_admin	lightworking	1	No specific role
jljljjl	liiil	1	No specific role
leethomason	lilith3d	1	No specific role
billorcutt	lily	1	No specific role
andreavalente	limacat	1	Project Manager
limacat	limacat	1	No specific role
chien-liang	lime2	1	Project Manager
chr1s77	lime2	1	Developer
j2payton	lime2	1	Developer
qingfeng	lime2	1	Developer
raduh	lime2	1	Developer
orhan_albay	lin-ecs	1	No specific role
nilsjuergens	lin-prog-newbie	1	No specific role
robos	lin-prog-newbie	1	No specific role
myamato	linda	1	No specific role
luca85	lindo-language	1	No specific role
akira_ag	lineargs	1	No specific role
icemanx169	linecount	1	No specific role
xdesigner	linecount	1	No specific role
foolinux	linecounter	1	No specific role
koseki	lingounit	1	No specific role
pne	lingua-zompist	1	No specific role
cyberpig	linguinewatch	1	No specific role
puddlor	linklipse	1	No specific role
kuehner	linlocalize	1	Project Manager
mfrid	lintcheck	1	No specific role
adaplas	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
bradd	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
geertu	linux-fbdev	1	Project Manager
janim	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
jgarzik	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
jsimmons	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
lethal	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
sottek	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
vana	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
wyo	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
gopu	linux-xp	0	Developer
linuxxp	linux-xp	1	Unix Admin
mbf	linux-xp	1	Project Manager
endrix	linux3d	1	Project Manager
big-dave	linuxforclinics	1	Web Designer
dhalgren4lfc	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
forkprong	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
rowanparker_uk	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
useresa	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
altememy	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
johank82	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
maartenclaes	linuxrtwrapper	1	No specific role
wrappersrood	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
meghdoot	linuxversion	1	No specific role
aurelius	linvb	1	No specific role
andikt01	linviex	1	Project Manager
csuml	liquibase	0	Developer
dhennessy	liquibase	0	Developer
msjurset	liquibase	1	Project Manager
nvoxland	liquibase	1	No specific role
rbarroso	liquibase	0	No specific role
youngde	lisa	1	Project Manager
mschollmeyer	lisbon	1	Developer
reykjavikingur	lisp-bind-perl	1	No specific role
frankbuss	lispbuilder	1	Developer
hairytroll	lispbuilder	0	Developer
justinhj	lispbuilder	1	Developer
lpells	lispcplusplus	1	No specific role
pace	lispm	1	No specific role
johnnyb	literatexml	1	No specific role
link0000	litprog4j	1	No specific role
hajokirchhoff	litwindow	1	No specific role
jwojnowski	live-generator	1	No specific role
tugkerad	live-generator	0	No specific role
live_python	livepython	1	No specific role
jacobsuraj	living	1	No specific role
daddygravity	livingcode	1	No specific role
hfastedge	lj-xmltlib	1	No specific role
lhksoft	lkdbapi	1	No specific role
leon_kon	lkjson	1	No specific role
reback	lklist	1	No specific role
milev_r	lmappletserver	0	Developer
pesalomo	lmappletserver	1	No specific role
xshaolin	lmappletserver	1	Project Manager
hal0zer0	lmss	1	No specific role
proberts99	lmy	1	No specific role
joaxazevedo	ln-slack-maemo	1	No specific role
marcelo_guara	ln-slack-maemo	1	Developer
epesh	ln2	1	Project Manager
ipojman	ln2	0	Developer
tastapod	ln2	0	Developer
gen2joki	lnc	0	Developer
jwhitehorn	lnc	1	All-Hands Person
lehner	lnc	0	Developer
rhat	lnc	0	Developer
iotter	load4j	1	No specific role
wschlegel	load4j	1	No specific role
thoughtpolice	loaditv2	1	No specific role
gholam	loadsim	0	No specific role
vsheffer	loadsim	1	No specific role
bryanche	loadunit	1	No specific role
olenus	lobaccessor	1	Project Manager
satish_chandra	loc-calculator	1	No specific role
kammerl	locationtrader	1	No specific role
tobiasdietl	locationtrader	0	No specific role
nkawa	locky	1	No specific role
takeshi_sasaki	locky	0	Developer
raaum	locomotive	1	All-Hands Person
chicagobob	log4cocoa	1	Developer
cmh	log4cocoa	1	Developer
michaeltsai	log4cocoa	1	Developer
rentzsch	log4cocoa	1	Developer
roddi	log4cocoa	1	Developer
umjames	log4cocoa	1	Developer
wonco	log4cocoa	1	Developer
baldheadedguy	log4cplus	0	Developer
darkwarrior	log4cplus	0	Developer
hey_martini	log4cplus	0	Developer
marcelruff	log4cplus	0	Developer
tcsmith	log4cplus	1	Project Manager
aingram	log4cpp	0	Developer
bastiaan	log4cpp	1	Developer
dark--angel	log4cpp	0	Developer
dresnick	log4cpp	0	Developer
francisandre	log4cpp	0	Developer
glen_s	log4cpp	0	Developer
harkema	log4cpp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
legoater	log4cpp	0	Developer
nossareh	log4cpp	0	Developer
sostlind	log4cpp	0	Developer
tapaccos	log4cpp	0	Developer
uwej	log4cpp	0	Developer
waffel	log4cpp	1	Project Manager
ytcheung	log4cpp	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
log_debug	log4cxx	0	Tester
mcatan	log4cxx	1	No specific role
aguevara	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
barowc	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
dannyf	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
dasen	log4d	1	Project Manager
jfritch	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
jgrange	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
kbwood	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
mjustin	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
andismirre	log4eclipse	0	Developer
timonentwig	log4eclipse	1	No specific role
coyner_b	log4fix	1	Developer
andersk	log4j	1	No specific role
cgu	log4j	1	No specific role
rerouter	log4j	1	No specific role
dykstrom	log4j-mode	1	No specific role
phah	log4j2db	1	All-Hands Person
witmate	log4j2me	1	No specific role
jova59	log4j4eclipse	1	No specific role
gabbychr	log4janalyzer	1	No specific role
snakhla	log4nb	1	No specific role
drieseng	log4net	0	Developer
ncadell	log4net	1	All-Hands Person
ndaley	log4net	1	Project Manager
neoworks	log4net	1	Project Manager
kgoess	log4perl	1	Project Manager
mschilli	log4perl	1	Project Manager
preisl	log4py	1	Project Manager
rexorient	log4py	0	Developer
fando	log4r	1	No specific role
dvicente72	loganlzr	1	Developer
refeyton	loganlzr	1	Developer
pgampe	logfile-radius	1	No specific role
phporcaffeine	loggin	1	No specific role
aeden	logitest	1	Project Manager
clancymalcolm	logitest	0	Developer
zendragon	logitest	0	Developer
bnantz	logkit-net	1	No specific role
normanjames	logreader	1	No specific role
dslewis	logthis	1	No specific role
pjotrp	logtodo	1	Project Manager
p-salnikov	logtrack	1	Developer
bimcio	logui	0	Developer
oburn	logui	1	No specific role
dconlan	logview4j	0	Developer
dereki	logview4j	0	Developer
jpassenger	logview4j	1	Project Manager
simonjmcbride	logview4j	0	Developer
thinkerwiz	logwriter	1	No specific role
loko	loko-jinx	1	No specific role
gercan	lomboz	0	No specific role
objectlearn	lomboz	1	No specific role
mtnygard	longhall	1	No specific role
farhi	looktxt	1	No specific role
ehdez	loom	0	Developer
icoloma	loom	1	No specific role
alley	loomthread	1	No specific role
nardo	loomthread	1	Developer
zavatt	loomthread	1	Developer
ringjanitor	lor	1	Project Manager
astone42	loreandlutes	1	No specific role
ecoffey	loreandlutes	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
miple	lovall	1	No specific role
alexannika	lowlevellib	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
levelone	lowlevellib	1	Project Manager
cydust	lprs	1	No specific role
aegluke	lptk	0	Developer
graemeg	lptk	0	Developer
nvitya	lptk	1	No specific role
g_skronn	lroa	1	No specific role
lrodier	lrshelldotnet	1	No specific role
trungtran	lrttester	1	Project Manager
batsman	lsed	1	No specific role
seancallaway	lsock	1	No specific role
aittner	lsp2html	1	No specific role
ilmcuts	lssdk	1	Project Manager
repugnant	lssdk	1	Project Manager
scilence	lssdk	1	Project Manager
csejl	ltfx	0	Developer
edirman	ltfx	0	Developer
jlakhani	ltfx	1	Project Manager
jster	ltfx	0	Developer
lteemant	ltfx	0	No specific role
alvarado	ltilib	1	Project Manager
arndh	ltilib	0	Developer
bentsch	ltilib	0	Developer
danielbeier	ltilib	0	Developer
doerfler	ltilib	1	Developer
f_lange	ltilib	0	Developer
goenner	ltilib	0	Developer
gquiros	ltilib	0	Developer
haehnel	ltilib	0	Developer
hawk78	ltilib	0	Developer
jbhayet	ltilib	0	No specific role
jbogarin	ltilib	0	Tester
jpalvarado	ltilib	0	Developer
jzieren	ltilib	0	Developer
libuda	ltilib	0	Developer
ljubica	ltilib	0	Developer
ltilib	ltilib	0	Developer
maguilar21	ltilib	0	Tester
nabeeliqbal	ltilib	0	Developer
olibra	ltilib	0	Developer
pitzer	ltilib	0	Developer
suatakyol	ltilib	0	Developer
tamaki	ltilib	0	Developer
wickel	ltilib	0	Developer
aaronbowen	ltp	0	Web Designer
alaffin	ltp	0	Developer
animarathe	ltp	0	Developer
bernarde	ltp	0	Developer
dan_m_smith	ltp	0	Developer
dbarrera	ltp	0	Developer
iyermanoj	ltp	0	All-Hands Person
jethbu	ltp	0	Developer
jmonk2	ltp	0	Developer
lige	ltp	0	Developer
lindajs	ltp	0	Developer
martinjn	ltp	0	Developer
mreed10	ltp	1	Developer
mridge	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
ndabney	ltp	0	Tester
nhinds	ltp	0	Developer
nstraz	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
oberpapr	ltp	0	Developer
parseexception	ltp	0	Developer
plars	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
robbiew	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
saglass	ltp	0	Developer
sowmya_adiga	ltp	0	Developer
subrata_modak	ltp	1	Developer
vapier	ltp	0	Developer
cvogler	lua-users	0	Developer
jbelmonte	lua-users	1	Project Manager
rrt	lua-users	1	No specific role
traumwind	lua-users	0	No specific role
trout	lua-users	1	No specific role
maxm-74	lua4delphi	1	No specific role
arvidn	luabind	1	Developer
daniel_wallin	luabind	1	No specific role
davidkamphausen	luabind	0	No specific role
neomantra	luabind	0	Developer
reedbeta	luabridge	1	No specific role
guilharj	luaeclipse	1	Project Manager
tuler	luaeclipse	1	No specific role
rizzato	luajava	0	Developer
tponte	luajava	1	No specific role
akheron	luamm	1	Project Manager
betek	luamm	1	Project Manager
deklund2	luau	1	Project Manager
smitty586	lucid-gdk	1	No specific role
jloramas	lucollector	1	No specific role
alkaid	lugman	0	Developer
dsavazzi	lugman	1	No specific role
negher	lugman	1	Developer
abial	luke	1	No specific role
fed3rico	lulop2	0	Developer
paazio	lulop2	1	No specific role
mluker	lumberjack	1	No specific role
boercher	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
genady	lunar-eclipse	1	No specific role
stefanheimann	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
mballesteros	lunea	0	Developer
soywiz	lunea	1	Project Manager
sschrecker	lure	1	No specific role
vamp201	luxor-contrib	1	No specific role
b0z0mind	luxor-xul	0	Developer
ilits	luxor-xul	0	Developer
vamp201	luxor-xul	1	No specific role
geven	lvdevtools	0	Developer
henkhessel	lvdevtools	0	Developer
rbreen	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
vernhout	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
leandrosales	lvs	1	No specific role
hib	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
lucky799999	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
maso79	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
petervr	lwneuralnet	1	Developer
lucky799999	lwneuralnetplus	1	Project Manager
maso79	lwneuralnetplus	1	No specific role
petervr	lwneuralnetplus	0	Developer
argggh	lxr	0	Developer
brondsem	lxr	0	Developer
jbglaw	lxr	0	Developer
mbox	lxr	1	All-Hands Person
pergj	lxr	1	Developer
pok	lxr	0	Developer
psmith	lxr	0	Developer
lycono	lyconfig	1	No specific role
nicka1354	lynxgear	1	No specific role
elau	lyric	0	Developer
schutzm	lyric	1	Project Manager
bfallenstein	lyterate	1	No specific role
urmeli	lzo-net	1	No specific role
maxlego	m-f-w	1	No specific role
databyte	m-n-mumps	1	Project Manager
kdtop	m-n-mumps	0	Developer
nanthracite	m-n-mumps	0	Developer
mathews_it-3	m-t3	1	No specific role
lkrecan	m2-repoindex	1	No specific role
hhabermann	m23	1	No specific role
chenwang	m2b3	1	No specific role
hjtoi	m2crypto	1	No specific role
computer-grid	m2everyware	1	No specific role
giord666	m2v	1	No specific role
m2xdev	m2x	1	No specific role
alexandresw	m3dea	1	Developer
paulorp	m3dea	1	No specific role
tgcap	m3g-viewer	1	No specific role
alcinf	m3tk	1	No specific role
kollross	m4x	1	Project Manager
brazilianfan	mabslay	1	No specific role
pudge	mac-toolbox	1	No specific role
blackwolf359	mac2pc	1	No specific role
macguru	macgurucplusuts	1	No specific role
niemeyer	macrosystem	1	No specific role
madedit	madedit	1	Project Manager
behemotha	madeleine	0	No specific role
ghettojedi	madeleine	0	Developer
ndrs	madeleine	1	No specific role
sdsykes	madeleine	0	Developer
tirsen	madeleine	0	No specific role
basoft	magesrc	0	Developer
curtcoder	magesrc	0	Developer
elcondormage	magesrc	1	No specific role
fablezouave	magic-db	1	No specific role
bastiaan	magnum	1	Developer
jhenyal	magnum	1	Developer
kellan	magpierss	1	No specific role
pygi	magy	1	No specific role
ventz	mail2ipod	1	No specific role
vor0nwe	mailburrower	1	All-Hands Person
abalabanb	mailtext	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
olf	mailtext	1	No specific role
paraxenic	mailtext	1	Developer
bryanlewis	mainejug	0	Developer
carifio	mainejug	0	Developer
cdoremus	mainejug	1	Project Manager
chowda	mainejug	0	Developer
cmlasalle	mainejug	0	Developer
dezzio	mainejug	1	Project Manager
dwcorwin	mainejug	0	No specific role
innnnate	mainejug	0	Developer
jmpriest	mainejug	0	Developer
mtdonahue	mainejug	1	No specific role
plughead	mainejug	1	Project Manager
ratlifc	mainejug	0	No specific role
shawnyboy	mainejug	1	Developer
byrnereese	majordojo	1	No specific role
zoeloeboeloe	makeajackson	1	No specific role
xmevs	makeasy	1	No specific role
jimpsed	makerside	1	No specific role
sdelplanque	maktaba	1	No specific role
peterboehringer	maloney	1	Project Manager
gnudownload	mambolearn	0	Project Manager
pcdoyen	mambolearn	1	Unix Admin
kojuharo	maml	1	No specific role
beo	mammoothlibrary	1	Project Manager
mmteam	mammoothlibrary	1	No specific role
sjmulder	managedgl	1	No specific role
ayrnieu	manarchive	0	No specific role
bojar	manarchive	1	No specific role
sandius	manarchive	0	No specific role
libxc	mancxx	1	No specific role
sorin7486	mandalore	1	No specific role
schoenborno	mango-ptr	1	No specific role
jalilv	mano	0	Developer
mbalves	mano	0	No specific role
umuhk	mano	1	No specific role
felipetrujillo	manta	1	Developer
g-leyva	manta	1	Developer
vtamara	manta	1	Developer
achumakov	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davidnewcomb	mantisbt	0	Developer
gebeine	mantisbt	0	Developer
giallu	mantisbt	0	Developer
jbrugger	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jlatour	mantisbt	0	Developer
marcelloscata	mantisbt	0	Developer
narcissus	mantisbt	0	Developer
nepto	mantisbt	0	Developer
prichards	mantisbt	0	Developer
ryandesign	mantisbt	0	No specific role
siebrand	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
thraxisp	mantisbt	0	Developer
vboctor	mantisbt	1	Project Manager
zakman	mantisbt	0	Developer
powelljf3	mantra	0	Developer
prez	mantra	1	Project Manager
raider716	mantra	0	Developer
ungod	mantra	1	Developer
thesilentkiller	mapgrabber	1	No specific role
imaman	maple	1	No specific role
ebariaux	mapperframework	1	No specific role
fmjrey	mapperframework	1	Project Manager
sean_225	mapstudio	1	No specific role
burley0727	marblehorse	0	No specific role
dexter-mh	marblehorse	0	No specific role
fejj	marblehorse	0	No specific role
fingolfin	marblehorse	0	Developer
gabe	marblehorse	0	No specific role
khemicals	marblehorse	0	No specific role
khemicalstest	marblehorse	0	No specific role
needo	marblehorse	0	No specific role
roguemtl	marblehorse	1	No specific role
snippy	marblehorse	0	No specific role
fabiano818	market-garden	0	No specific role
jrrodrigues	market-garden	1	No specific role
marceliinojava	market-garden	1	Developer
salomaojava	market-garden	1	No specific role
thiagosjava	market-garden	1	Support Manager
ivdkleyn	marshallingyard	1	No specific role
justusbrugman	marshallingyard	1	Unix Admin
seeplusplus	marta	1	Developer
andreic	masc	1	No specific role
daemeh	masc	0	Developer
ablettr	mase	0	No specific role
cdeng	mase	0	No specific role
davidbfox	mase	0	No specific role
frankomaurer	mase	1	Project Manager
harminder	mase	0	No specific role
hkolenda	mase	0	No specific role
masecvsaccount	mase	1	Developer
morganr	mase	0	Developer
msnfaraz	mase	0	Developer
patdaman999	mase	0	Developer
web_seb	mase	0	No specific role
xdxiaoxin	mase	0	Developer
xuelingshu	mase	0	Developer
amarillion	masking	0	No specific role
miranamon	masking	1	No specific role
maslan	maslanassembly	1	No specific role
mastersto	mastersto	1	No specific role
atiqe	mastoo	0	Developer
mam2009	mastoo	1	Developer
sbaf	mastoo	1	No specific role
bobbymcr	math-symbolic	0	Developer
mwk	math-symbolic	0	Developer
oxe	math-symbolic	0	Developer
tsee	math-symbolic	1	No specific role
babernat	mathcomp	1	No specific role
unixrat	mathfun	1	No specific role
colinbb	mathlib3d	1	Project Manager
astraw	matplotlib	0	Developer
cmoad	matplotlib	1	Developer
dsdale	matplotlib	1	Developer
edin1	matplotlib	1	Developer
efiring	matplotlib	1	Developer
fer_perez	matplotlib	0	Developer
jdh2358	matplotlib	1	Developer
jouni	matplotlib	0	Developer
jrevans	matplotlib	0	Developer
jswhit	matplotlib	1	Developer
kmcivor	matplotlib	0	Developer
mdboom	matplotlib	1	Developer
mikelu73	matplotlib	0	Developer
nnemec	matplotlib	0	Developer
pkienzle	matplotlib	0	Developer
sameerd	matplotlib	0	Developer
stevech	matplotlib	0	Developer
teoliphant	matplotlib	0	Developer
blackrob	matrix-template	1	No specific role
mkyas	maude-mode	0	Developer
rudi	maude-mode	1	No specific role
eelco12	mav	1	All-Hands Person
jaxman	mav	0	Developer
lhoriman	mav	1	No specific role
mmoulton	mav	1	Developer
nmrs	mav	1	Developer
prophecyslides	mav	1	Developer
skot	mav	1	No specific role
thusted	mav	1	No specific role
adamselene	maven-erlang	1	Project Manager
kevin_conaway	maven-jlex	1	No specific role
ashleychapman	maverick	0	No specific role
cbyrum	maverick	1	No specific role
emaverick	maverick	0	No specific role
herbr	maverick	0	No specific role
jsolomon	maverick	0	No specific role
rjc	maverick	1	No specific role
corts	mavnet	1	Developer
nmrs	mavnet	1	No specific role
skot	mavnet	1	No specific role
doc_linux	maxlinux	0	Doc Writer
kelledin	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
xpl2	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
lukemaxon	maxonrules	1	No specific role
maxvirtual	maxvirtual	1	No specific role
djander	mb9xisp	1	No specific role
vlc	mbasic	1	No specific role
michaelbutler	mbeanconfig	1	Project Manager
mbadran	mbmisc	1	No specific role
gassmann	mca2	0	No specific role
hochhold	mca2	0	No specific role
kayulrich	mca2	0	No specific role
klaus_uhl	mca2	1	Project Manager
luksch	mca2	0	Developer
quams	mca2	0	No specific role
ziegenm	mca2	1	Project Manager
zjm	mca2	0	No specific role
skanga	mcap	1	No specific role
coderdude	mcdx	1	Project Manager
mibaltd	mcllib	1	No specific role
ohlrogge	mconide	1	No specific role
burning_hill	mcrypt	0	Developer
choube_mehul	mcrypt	0	Developer
emerado	mcrypt	0	Developer
gnuknight	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
imipak	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
irl_chris	mcrypt	0	Developer
juhani_heino	mcrypt	0	Developer
junglewiz	mcrypt	0	Developer
niemeyer	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
nmav	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
rsiyer	mcrypt	0	Developer
senfo_99	mcrypt	0	Developer
sibc	mcrypt	0	Developer
steve_p16	mcrypt	0	Developer
sunheng	mcrypt	1	Project Manager
danielleew	mcs-libre	1	No specific role
el-co	mcs-server	0	Doc Writer
mcs_developer	mcs-server	1	Developer
mrward	md-xed	1	Developer
awtopensource	mdaworkbench	1	No specific role
ozbulo	mdx-analyzer	1	No specific role
jmayrbaeurl	meclipseplugpl	1	Project Manager
boss1	meddac	1	Developer
cybersongs	meddac	1	No specific role
rob_jeffrey	meddac	0	Developer
snaos	meddac	0	Developer
madmonky1	meditphp	1	No specific role
amai	meditres	1	Developer
dannybackx	meditres	1	Project Manager
mvidner	medoosa	1	Project Manager
dforger	medulla	1	No specific role
natbudin	megabase	1	No specific role
noahlandow	megabase	0	Developer
schmendrick	megabase	0	Developer
jsan	megatruquitos	1	No specific role
asceai	megazeux	0	Developer
exophase	megazeux	1	Developer
mr_alert	megazeux	0	Developer
terryn	megazeux	0	Support Manager
wizdom	megazeux	1	Web Designer
rconner	melange	1	No specific role
dwarnock	melati	0	Developer
jimwrightbe	melati	1	Developer
mylesc	melati	1	No specific role
timjoyce	melati	1	No specific role
timp	melati	1	No specific role
haighis	memcachedcf	1	No specific role
timiscool999	memcacheddotnet	1	No specific role
michaeltaft	memento	1	Project Manager
rtdean	memlib	1	No specific role
tcepsa	memlib	1	No specific role
mccllc	memrspn	1	No specific role
andreamedeghini	memstruct	1	Developer
javazoid	memstruct	0	Developer
fmar	menda	1	Developer
martyna	menda	0	Web Designer
simuran	menda	0	Developer
taneltanel	menda	0	Developer
johnw42	mendel	1	No specific role
velo_br	menta-ide	1	No specific role
jocenildo	mentawai-plugin	1	No specific role
alharper	menucracker	0	Developer
blofeld	menucracker	0	Developer
james_007_bond	menucracker	1	No specific role
jmiltner	menucracker	0	Developer
menuetlibc	menuetlibc	1	No specific role
shrirangb	menuetlibc	1	Developer
pepls	mercuri	1	All-Hands Person
mars-man	merida	1	No specific role
lhende	merkwelt	0	Developer
markussp	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
notniko	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
stanwiechers	merkwelt	1	Project Manager
the0ther	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
nutcaserr	merlinlibs	1	No specific role
agiardina	merlinwork	1	No specific role
balliano	merlinwork	1	Developer
mahmut1	merve	1	No specific role
airlied	mesa3d	0	Developer
alanh	mesa3d	1	Developer
anholt	mesa3d	0	Developer
brianp	mesa3d	1	Project Manager
davem69	mesa3d	0	Developer
dborca	mesa3d	0	Developer
dok666	mesa3d	0	Developer
fxkuehl	mesa3d	0	Developer
hwaechtler	mesa3d	0	Developer
idr	mesa3d	0	Developer
jonsmirl	mesa3d	0	Developer
joukj	mesa3d	0	Developer
jrfonseca	mesa3d	0	Developer
keithw	mesa3d	1	Developer
kschultz	mesa3d	0	Developer
randall-frank	mesa3d	0	Developer
syrjala	mesa3d	0	Developer
cedrik_lime	messadmin	1	No specific role
axelp	messageforge	0	Developer
hjawaid	messageforge	1	No specific role
arthavus	mestrecontrol	1	No specific role
hrasko	met	0	Developer
masakatsu	met	1	No specific role
atkinson_b2	meta-jb	0	Developer
chafing	meta-jb	0	Developer
davesheremata	meta-jb	0	Developer
deinomight	meta-jb	0	Developer
dgarvis	meta-jb	0	Developer
dtidrow	meta-jb	0	Developer
esword	meta-jb	0	Developer
ewbragg	meta-jb	0	Developer
jeffreyerikson	meta-jb	0	No specific role
minh0001	meta-jb	0	No specific role
mveitas	meta-jb	0	Developer
pspeed	meta-jb	1	Project Manager
pwwisnes	meta-jb	0	Developer
rconner	meta-jb	0	Developer
rda-autobuild	meta-jb	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
singram	meta-jb	0	Developer
soechtig	meta-jb	0	Developer
paubert	metaet	1	No specific role
sjbrown	metagamesector	1	No specific role
daedius	metahack	1	No specific role
jcw	metakit	1	Developer
jtlien	metalasm	1	No specific role
gongminmin	metalib	1	No specific role
metalised	metalisedxml	1	No specific role
bligneri	metamenu	0	Developer
jenos	metamenu	0	Developer
jsquyres	metamenu	1	Project Manager
muglerj	metamenu	0	Developer
naughtont	metamenu	0	Developer
ngorsuch	metamenu	0	Developer
hawkins0	metapersist	1	No specific role
entrex	metarbe	1	No specific role
pacca	metatext	1	No specific role
laserwada	metric-pl	1	No specific role
donv70	metrics	0	Developer
gboissier	metrics	0	Developer
sauerf	metrics	1	Developer
tubrody	metrics	0	No specific role
williamkeehn	metrics	0	Developer
vesa_karvonen	metricsanalyzer	1	No specific role
dagvl	metrictime	1	Developer
dapendragon	metrictime	1	No specific role
yildiray	metu-ihe-atna	1	No specific role
yildiray	metu-ihe-pix	1	No specific role
dayaparan	meyshanwall	1	No specific role
flatmax	mffmlibsndfilew	1	No specific role
rbfrenchy	mfsm	1	Project Manager
mgofficial	mgcore	1	No specific role
daladala	mgdk	1	Developer
isglass	mgdk	1	No specific role
gnuknight	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
imipak	mhash	1	Project Manager
niemeyer	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
nmav	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
fernandopassaro	mhpbox	1	Developer
igorgatis	mhpbox	1	Project Manager
leo_sobral	mhpbox	1	Developer
galaid	miaoumessenger	1	No specific role
cdartnell	mic	0	Developer
fmichel	mic	1	Developer
gouaich	mic	1	Project Manager
raissi	mic	0	Developer
srv89	mic	0	Developer
dmanolescu	micro-workflow	1	No specific role
pfryan	micro-workflow	0	Developer
evil_overlord	microberemains	0	No specific role
sentrix	microberemains	1	Project Manager
binan	microbrowser	1	Developer
bskaarup	microbrowser	1	Developer
mimerdk	microbrowser	1	Developer
niksus	microbrowser	1	Developer
barteo	microemulator	1	No specific role
tisoft	microemulator	0	Developer
vlads	microemulator	1	No specific role
michae1	microframe	1	No specific role
rayshi	microfwk	1	No specific role
bafarrar	microjavadallas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
doug75006	microjavadallas	0	Developer
koralage	microjavadallas	0	Developer
pansteth	microjavadallas	0	Developer
quikdraw	microjavadallas	1	Project Manager
vipul_sagare	microjavadallas	0	Developer
mnagata	micronova-yuzu	1	No specific role
leethomason	micropather	1	No specific role
alagumadhu	microshare	0	Developer
microshare	microshare	1	Project Manager
uwefeldtmann	microshare	0	Developer
controlaltsup	mide3de2	1	No specific role
vinyvat	midea	1	No specific role
pre	midgard-rad	1	No specific role
pyrus	midgard-rad	1	Developer
shadow_knight	midgard-rad	1	Developer
tcorbettclark	midge	1	No specific role
thiefghost	midgetwindows	1	No specific role
larsl	midicontrol	1	No specific role
mikelly	midnightxen	1	No specific role
cstup	midway	0	No specific role
eggestad	midway	1	No specific role
henrag	midway	0	All-Hands Person
minim_os	milib	1	No specific role
sp0nge	milk	1	No specific role
anoripi	milkbox	1	Developer
artursignell	millstone	0	Developer
henrimuurimaa	millstone	0	Tester
jarnokelanne	millstone	0	Developer
joonaslehtinen	millstone	1	Developer
marcenglund	millstone	0	Developer
msadmin	millstone	0	Unix Admin
samiekblad	millstone	1	Project Manager
villeingman	millstone	0	Developer
jcheng	mime4j	1	No specific role
ntherning	mime4j	1	No specific role
fral	mimerpm	1	Developer
ingvarp	mimerpm	0	Developer
mimerbg	mimerpm	0	Developer
mindtrader	mimersbrunn	1	Project Manager
tat0o	mimetic	1	All-Hands Person
mjclm	minc	1	No specific role
jperaltac	mincur	1	No specific role
exile_10	mindlence-game	1	Developer
royalassasin	mindlence-game	0	Developer
lazlohf	mindwidgets	1	No specific role
dr_maux	mindx	1	Project Manager
pandur	mindx	0	No specific role
sademar	mindx	0	No specific role
tokoe82	mindx	0	Developer
kurozumifactory	minerva-library	1	No specific role
niunio	mingro	1	No specific role
jplatts	mingwacr	1	No specific role
ela	mingwrep	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
pfalcon	mingwrep	1	All-Hands Person
si-design	mini-b3d	1	No specific role
parmaja	minilib	1	Developer
empirex	miniserver	1	Project Manager
iapain007	miniserver	0	Developer
t22t	miniserver	1	Developer
tolik	miniserver	1	Developer
cory_sf	minissd	0	Developer
retrev	minissd	1	No specific role
swenker	ministone	1	No specific role
jerker_back	miniwiz	1	Project Manager
psychogenic	minixml	1	No specific role
jcr13	minorgems	1	No specific role
jtavan	minorgems	0	Developer
jwa	minorgems	0	Developer
dpeters	minpo	1	No specific role
ananthbv	mira	0	Developer
beyonddc	mira	0	Developer
clsk	mira	0	Developer
cstefan	mira	0	Developer
daryllee	mira	0	Developer
harishankar	mira	0	Support Manager
j_k9	mira	1	No specific role
ntgn81	mira	0	Developer
kristian_v	miranda-os	1	Developer
lenov	miriam	1	Project Manager
perkeo	miriam	1	Project Manager
fennema	mis	1	No specific role
ankurmaheshwari	miset	0	No specific role
anshulmishra	miset	0	No specific role
khuranabal	miset	1	No specific role
prakashdibya	miset	0	No specific role
vardhan84	miset	0	No specific role
jeffdrost	missionbase	1	No specific role
mkolisek	misterengine	0	Developer
osterba	misterengine	0	Developer
rgrenar	misterengine	0	Developer
topolar	misterengine	1	Project Manager
minehe	mitochondria	1	No specific role
alex_benson	mixlanguage	1	No specific role
dmiceman	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
dsmith	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
metalskin	mjcalander	1	No specific role
hommih	mjdf	1	No specific role
gudujarlson	mjp	1	No specific role
lhksoft	mjpgtools	1	No specific role
cehall	mkdoxy	0	Developer
jmglov	mkdoxy	1	No specific role
mmg_kraus	mkextensions	1	No specific role
jimmyflynn	mklib	1	Project Manager
bgr	mklientsdk	0	No specific role
merlincorey	mklientsdk	1	No specific role
biseptol	mktoolset	0	Tester
cobster	mktoolset	0	Developer
heitara	mktoolset	0	Developer
mankillerbg	mktoolset	1	Developer
shadocko	mlam	1	No specific role
ekkelenkamp	mmapps	1	Developer
keesj	mmapps	1	Developer
korsvanbeem	mmapps	0	No specific role
nklasens	mmapps	1	Developer
rveer	mmapps	0	Developer
wheijke	mmapps	1	Developer
alexanderb	mmix-mode	1	No specific role
codefool	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
pne	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
vladimir	mmixmasters	1	Project Manager
mkloss	mmsg	1	No specific role
rborsuk	mmsprites	1	No specific role
masakatsu	mmt	1	No specific role
mfx_	mnxj	1	No specific role
jaccobikker	mobilecore	1	No specific role
andrewescott	mobiledevtools	1	No specific role
nyamga	mobiledic	1	Unix Admin
dfurque	mobra	1	No specific role
reassembler	mobys	1	No specific role
helldisplay	moch	1	No specific role
omenmedia	mocha4php	1	All-Hands Person
mochacafe	mochastudiocafe	1	No specific role
jjmrocha	mocho	1	No specific role
mockcahill	mockbase	1	Project Manager
aananiev	mockejb	1	No specific role
dimitarg	mockejb	0	Developer
sivajag	mockftpserver	1	No specific role
fastdragon	mockobject	1	Developer
custommonkey	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
drcottee	mockobjects	0	Developer
joeretro	mockobjects	0	Developer
macta	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
nitin_matrix	mockobjects	0	All-Hands Person
npryce	mockobjects	0	All-Hands Person
smgf	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
vmassol	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
wsargent	mockobjects	0	Developer
carle_cote	mockpp	0	Developer
danielweber	mockpp	0	Tester
ewald-arnold	mockpp	1	No specific role
aibba	mockrunner	1	Project Manager
gliptak	mockrunner	0	Developer
jcscoobyrs	mockrunner	0	Developer
chenno	mockservlet	1	No specific role
corujo-h	mockservlet	0	Developer
oserna	mockservlet	1	Developer
eydelber	modauthfire	1	No specific role
ruggier	modeling	0	Doc Writer
sbigaret	modeling	1	Project Manager
cushard	modinfo	1	No specific role
jtillman	modinfo	1	No specific role
scresto	modsysmem	1	No specific role
graham_k	moink	1	No specific role
feti	mojavi	1	No specific role
illusina	mojavi	1	Project Manager
native_mind	mojavi	1	All-Hands Person
jgraz	mokit	1	Developer
mferris	mokit	1	Project Manager
tedx2k	mokoi	1	Project Manager
wagnerr2	molaepipe	1	No specific role
cavada	moleskine	0	Developer
dhouy	moleskine	0	Developer
herzi	moleskine	0	Developer
micampe	moleskine	1	No specific role
drmoro75	momelib	1	No specific role
drmoro75	momeunit	1	No specific role
sdunlap	monkeyjuice	1	No specific role
absinth_kobold	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
eskatos	monkeystudio	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
evgenm	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
norulz	monkeystudio	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pasnox	monkeystudio	1	Developer
raynox	monkeystudio	0	Developer
cnation	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
dcline	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
dweimer	monkeywrench	0	No specific role
gefilte	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
useevil	monkeywrench	0	No specific role
wonka	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
zhobson	monkeywrench	0	No specific role
xen2	monobind	1	No specific role
bourbaki	monod	1	No specific role
vandango	monopad	1	No specific role
mcastrillo	monoworkshop	1	No specific role
borrillis	monoxna	0	Tester
garuma	monoxna	0	Developer
jendave	monoxna	1	Developer
neozack	monoxna	0	Developer
robloach	monoxna	1	Developer
wschuler	monsterapi	1	Project Manager
monsterengine	monsterengine	1	Project Manager
saloustr	montag	0	Developer
sbtourist	montag	1	No specific role
enamtvedt	moo3d	0	Developer
luke-jr	moo3d	1	No specific role
nblack13	moo3d	0	No specific role
ulrich_fuchs	moon	1	No specific role
brixen	moonbeams	1	No specific role
brettbc	moonix	0	No specific role
enrai	moonix	0	No specific role
luke-jr	moonix	1	No specific role
hbaxmann	moonshadow	1	Analysis / Design
joa23	moonshadow	0	Developer
reborn16	moonshadow	0	Doc Writer
jolby	moppy	1	No specific role
thorsteng	moreforcpp	1	No specific role
boretti	moreforgprolog	1	No specific role
sdfisher	morepalmos	1	No specific role
kenichi_f	morpho	1	Project Manager
darksecond	morrowindonline	1	No specific role
fliggerty	morrowindonline	1	Developer
keto	mortik	1	Developer
kriisu	mortik	0	Editorial/Content Writer
qrebound	mortik	0	Developer
stpere	mortik	1	Developer
teebeenz	mortik	1	Developer
whitti	mortik	1	No specific role
chadnorvell	mosaicengine	1	No specific role
octavianh	mosquito	1	No specific role
olsonw	moss	1	No specific role
efphe	mother	1	No specific role
pvgorp	motmot	1	Project Manager
saintiss	motmot	1	Project Manager
terralance	motmot	1	Project Manager
bghose	moznews	0	Developer
minghong	moznews	0	No specific role
mozillaman	moznews	1	No specific role
uphaar	moznews	0	All-Hands Person
abavarian	mp-plugins	0	Developer
agree	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
and-81	mp-plugins	0	Developer
andrea_cioli	mp-plugins	0	Developer
broceliande	mp-plugins	0	Developer
campling	mp-plugins	0	Developer
cawolf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
chef_koch	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
chreekar	mp-plugins	0	Developer
codeshackdotnet	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dalanorth	mp-plugins	0	Developer
diehard2	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dukus	mp-plugins	0	Developer
falkyre	mp-plugins	0	Developer
framug	mp-plugins	0	Developer
gemx	mp-plugins	0	Developer
gregmac45	mp-plugins	0	Developer
happytalk	mp-plugins	0	Developer
harleymp	mp-plugins	0	Developer
hwahrmann	mp-plugins	1	Project Manager
i-loop	mp-plugins	1	Tester
ideasdigger	mp-plugins	0	Developer
james_sf	mp-plugins	1	No specific role
joedalton	mp-plugins	0	Developer
kroko_koenig	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mablebee	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
maschine	mp-plugins	0	Developer
micheloe	mp-plugins	0	Developer
misterd_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mofux	mp-plugins	0	Developer
moiristo	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mpod_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
northern_sky	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
nshvydky	mp-plugins	0	Developer
overture	mp-plugins	0	Developer
patrick_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
pbb72	mp-plugins	0	Developer
qawaali	mp-plugins	0	Developer
ronilse	mp-plugins	0	Developer
rsparey	mp-plugins	0	Graphic/Other Designer
rtv_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
saamand	mp-plugins	0	Developer
sergem1	mp-plugins	0	Developer
sh4nn0w	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
soapskyway	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
tourettes_	mp-plugins	0	Developer
yamp	mp-plugins	0	Developer
yevgenb1	mp-plugins	0	Developer
zebons	mp-plugins	0	Developer
amit_dsp	mp3apollo	0	Developer
avaneendra	mp3apollo	0	Developer
liquidgod	mp3apollo	1	Project Manager
napmusic	mp3apollo	0	Developer
rhino-x	mp3apollo	0	Developer
usha	mp3apollo	0	Developer
wellard	mp3apollo	0	No specific role
mrmx	mparser	1	No specific role
rodolforg	mpide	1	No specific role
rosenfeld	mpide	1	Developer
lpenet	mpkg	1	No specific role
scaps	mpkg	1	No specific role
sgilhodes	mplatform	1	No specific role
code_gems	mpnt	1	Developer
hritcu	mpnt	1	Developer
ioana_boureanu	mpnt	0	No specific role
ralu	mpnt	1	Developer
shiana	mpnt	1	Developer
cowboy_bob	mpsc-modules	1	No specific role
goga	mptn	1	No specific role
mnambiar	mqsurfer	1	No specific role
bbwang	mqzoom	1	No specific role
inertia186	msapi	1	No specific role
rwl4	msapi	1	Developer
tekcor	msd	1	Project Manager
mazaczek	msdk	0	Developer
zmichailov	msdk	1	Project Manager
den_jean	mseide-msegui	1	No specific role
mse1	mseide-msegui	1	Developer
dstevens	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
pbh-at-mit	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
xiaowen	msi-repackaging	1	No specific role
afarouk	msiprogramming	1	No specific role
verhees	msm-api	1	No specific role
alikizil	msp	1	No specific role
mikemayer	msquared	1	No specific role
gscacco	mstockfl	1	No specific role
fortuna	mstor	1	No specific role
pez4brian	mstring	0	Project Manager
thementat	mstring	1	Project Manager
inertia186	msuapi	1	Developer
rwl4	msuapi	1	Developer
pcwong	mswid	1	No specific role
kanima	msxdk	1	No specific role
shevek	msxz80asm	1	No specific role
mmcnamee	mtjunit	1	No specific role
kherrera3	mukei	1	Developer
andrewjb	mulib	0	Developer
espakm	mulib	0	Developer
mudry	mulib	1	Project Manager
mwright	mulib	0	Developer
neuwirth	mulib	0	Developer
retek	mulib	0	Tester
spaced00d	mulib	0	Developer
zoid-	mulib	0	Developer
merlinke	multi-platformc	1	No specific role
hrgdavor	multi-tapestry	1	No specific role
mteel	multicpu	1	No specific role
taq	multicssparser	1	No specific role
bain	multidb	1	Project Manager
davidteran	multieof	0	No specific role
mensk	multieof	1	No specific role
jesjones	multimethods	1	No specific role
kirchman	multiplatform	1	Developer
portele	multiplatform	0	Developer
ppoller	multiplatform	0	Developer
reichel-mid	multiplatform	0	Developer
smerten	multiplatform	1	No specific role
jegreenwo	multitierlib	1	No specific role
benstein	multitreemap	0	Tester
scheruga	multitreemap	1	Developer
testmpp	multitreemap	0	Tester
usankhla	multitreemap	0	Developer
saurabh_arorain	mumltool	1	No specific role
badaro	mundo4j	1	No specific role
acalarcon	mundofeliz1	1	No specific role
eadurbin	munge	1	No specific role
mktmk	muntl	1	No specific role
alienid	muos	1	No specific role
arbron	mups	1	Project Manager
raven-arch	mups	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
riverlet	murong	1	No specific role
molasses	mushroom	1	No specific role
brentonhouse	mutantcode	1	Project Manager
abcrumley	mvcdotnet	1	Project Manager
chrispels	mvp-xml	1	Developer
christianweyer	mvp-xml	0	Developer
christophdotnet	mvp-xml	0	Developer
dcazzulino	mvp-xml	1	Project Manager
don_xml	mvp-xml	1	Developer
fumiakiy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
helgy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
jjulian2	mvp-xml	1	Developer
joefawcett	mvp-xml	1	Developer
palermo4	mvp-xml	1	Developer
silverlight	mvp-xml	1	Developer
skonnard	mvp-xml	1	Developer
pmuellr	mwep	1	No specific role
a_taherkordi	mx4j	0	Developer
biorn_steedom	mx4j	0	Developer
bknights	mx4j	0	Developer
btscully	mx4j	0	Developer
cavis	mx4j	0	Developer
ccano	mx4j	0	Developer
damien_evans	mx4j	0	Developer
dsamsonoff	mx4j	0	Developer
gabriel_la	mx4j	0	Developer
jboynes	mx4j	0	Developer
jeje	mx4j	0	Developer
jvanzyl	mx4j	0	Developer
maguro	mx4j	0	Developer
markmcbride	mx4j	0	Developer
mfuzzey	mx4j	0	Developer
mgore	mx4j	0	Developer
miojio	mx4j	0	Developer
nameislocus	mx4j	0	Developer
n_alex_rupp	mx4j	0	Developer
oreinert	mx4j	0	Developer
pathakss	mx4j	0	Developer
shadow12	mx4j	0	Developer
simonebordet	mx4j	1	Developer
tibu	mx4j	1	Project Manager
unsaved	mx4j	0	Developer
warrenm	mx4j	0	Developer
wkharold	mx4j	0	Developer
flohimself	mxf	1	All-Hands Person
hardlife	mxf	1	Developer
sebdashrek	mxf	1	Developer
alexsilv	mxml	0	Developer
dgp85	mxml	0	Developer
jonnymind	mxml	1	No specific role
altren	my-gui	1	All-Hands Person
my_name	my-gui	1	Unix Admin
numsgil	my-gui	0	Developer
dwayneb	my-lib	1	No specific role
nels	myaphp	1	All-Hands Person
flyerhzm	mycodeline	1	No specific role
thinkkevin	mycodeline	0	No specific role
webarthur	mydbadmin	1	No specific role
nafm	mydblist	1	No specific role
rbondi	mydbrand	1	No specific role
covrainbow	myforms	0	Tester
dkburk	myforms	0	Tester
dmcfeeters	myforms	1	No specific role
pilotpencil	myforms	0	Developer
davidpallison	myion-osgi	0	No specific role
homehub	myion-osgi	1	No specific role
shedlife	myion-osgi	0	All-Hands Person
williams_jt	myjavapack	1	No specific role
jjap	myjnipp	1	Developer
snim2	myjnipp	0	Developer
markusoj	mymodules	1	No specific role
vg103	mymomsboat	1	No specific role
neodatatype	myneoreport	1	No specific role
thazel	myoodb	1	No specific role
gururamnath	myorders	1	Project Manager
philip_stoev	myparsepp	1	No specific role
amaddeus	myphpbikelog	1	No specific role
pimspage	myphpbugtracker	1	No specific role
alexvx	myphpframework	1	No specific role
ajvwaay	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
doyley	myphpnuke	0	Developer
gacott	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
kirilt	myphpnuke	0	Developer
s10v8	myphpnuke	0	Developer
trini0	myphpnuke	0	All-Hands Person
davidlxm	myprofiler	1	No specific role
candy91	myprograming	0	Web Designer
javaj2eej2me	myprograming	0	Web Designer
lion12345678910	myprograming	1	Project Manager
giorgio83	mysdlgui	1	No specific role
ravenix2	mysep	1	Project Manager
bleuler	myspms	1	Project Manager
dsharp	mysql--	1	Project Manager
johngaughan	mysql--	0	Developer
hellonnet00	mysql32dll	1	No specific role
murrayc	mysqlcppapi	1	Project Manager
redi	mysqlcppapi	1	Developer
cwienands	mysqldotnet	1	No specific role
cmurialdo	mysqldrivercs	0	Developer
ultralight32	mysqldrivercs	1	No specific role
swsalan	mysqlmembership	1	No specific role
llutti	mystix	0	Developer
piotrjura	mystix	1	Project Manager
lordmyth	mythge	1	Project Manager
ternet	mytm	1	No specific role
burkovsky	mytracker	1	Project Manager
neocarton	myvarmng	1	No specific role
harishkswamy	myworkspace	1	No specific role
rustychris	mzgtk	1	No specific role
zvi	mzgtk	0	No specific role
bfeely	mzx32	1	No specific role
darreng	n-able	1	No specific role
rikesh	n-able	1	All-Hands Person
dcazzulino	n-matrix	1	No specific role
don_xml	n-matrix	1	Project Manager
flashin	n30-cms	1	No specific role
zmn	n30-cms	1	All-Hands Person
imerani	nachocalendar	1	No specific role
jarbaby	nagiosappender	1	No specific role
namaless	namaless	1	No specific role
nandof	nandof	1	No specific role
lecando	nanning	1	No specific role
tirsen	nanning	1	No specific role
gerlach	nanoterm	1	Project Manager
cyberelf	nanoxml	1	No specific role
jens_bergstrom	nantvisual	1	No specific role
papit01	napai	1	No specific role
frank-mlc	napkin42	0	Developer
ryanryan	napkin42	0	Developer
zer0wing	napkin42	1	No specific role
alexlamsl	napkinlaf	0	Developer
cybercerberus	napkinlaf	0	Developer
greggwon	napkinlaf	0	Developer
kcrca	napkinlaf	1	Project Manager
napkindrawing	napkinlaf	0	Developer
meddochat	napoleon	1	No specific role
maralo	napt	0	Developer
softwarekoch	napt	1	No specific role
linarms	nasperreports	1	No specific role
cesarmello	nativeswt	1	No specific role
sagex	nativeswt	0	No specific role
sandrobh	nativeswt	1	Developer
tradams	nativeswt	0	No specific role
sprovencher	nato	1	No specific role
jkchan6	naturallangcode	1	No specific role
sellig	nausicaa	1	Project Manager
thusted	nausicaa	0	Support Manager
s003apr	navdb	1	Project Manager
tgideon	navel	1	No specific role
scitech-states	navi-project	1	No specific role
navicore	navicore	1	No specific role
nbjayme	nbjsaint	1	No specific role
lancillotto	nblookup	1	No specific role
jocenildo	nbmentawai	1	No specific role
kubacki	nbmousewheel	1	No specific role
beroul	nbpp	1	All-Hands Person
ejbs	nbpp	1	No specific role
lusse	ncdk	1	No specific role
breaman	ncfunit	1	No specific role
trent_millar	nchain	1	No specific role
slcotten	ncline	1	No specific role
vlm	ncnf	1	No specific role
deadwood_pl	ncommon	1	All-Hands Person
nicolascros	ncprogs	1	No specific role
strfrank	ncsvlib	1	No specific role
dhwani	ndal	0	Developer
meddochat	ndal	1	No specific role
pkirk25	ndal	0	Developer
vamsi_ram	ndal	0	Developer
neemailrcv	ndbaccess	1	No specific role
mars-man	ndbunit	1	No specific role
mrtidy	ndbunit	1	No specific role
dr1982	ndeploy	1	No specific role
ievlev	ndk-xx	1	Developer
mpinkas	ndk-xx	1	No specific role
voins	ndk-xx	0	Developer
daronin	ne7ssh	1	No specific role
sleem	nedlib	1	No specific role
ned14	nedmalloc	1	No specific role
andyc2	nekohtml	1	No specific role
st0ke	nelit2e	1	Developer
civphp	nemesisplus	1	Developer
ericb	nenie	1	Developer
farnaud	nenie	1	No specific role
arithon	neoengine	1	Developer
bsod	neoengine	0	Developer
fluoro	neoengine	1	Project Manager
kmullis	neoengine	0	Developer
knisterpeter	neoengine	1	Project Manager
robr182	neolib	1	Project Manager
clockmaker_69	neonate	1	Developer
xycuervo	neonate	0	Support Manager
cpousset	neorms	1	No specific role
passedtime	neosdoc	0	Developer
reardentech	neosdoc	0	Web Designer
rlundy	neosdoc	1	Project Manager
rer	neoview	1	No specific role
tpecorella	nepsing	1	Project Manager
bok	neptune	1	No specific role
kelticdanor	nesdevkit	0	Web Designer
mekanizer	nesdevkit	1	Project Manager
robertguite	nesdevkit	1	Developer
neillm	neshare	1	No specific role
gbaguy	neside	1	No specific role
ghuron	nester	1	Unix Admin
injektilo	nester	1	Developer
jayrod_junteau	nester	1	Developer
jmelvill	nester	1	Developer
kraldon	nester	1	Developer
felgon	net-edit	1	Developer
scapenet	net-edit	1	Project Manager
arnuga	net-freedb	1	Developer
jzawodn	net-freedb	0	Developer
wroth	net-freedb	0	Developer
solo95	netaop	1	No specific role
neillm	netclass	1	No specific role
orschaer	netdeserialize	1	Developer
pilsator	netdeserialize	1	Developer
bluecoat93	netdevicelib	1	No specific role
tommulgrew	netlib4games	1	No specific role
flatko	netloader	0	Developer
ktram	netloader	0	Developer
yasmanidis	netloader	1	Project Manager
hirion	netpp	1	No specific role
ccnetlive	netreflector	0	No specific role
exortech	netreflector	1	No specific role
mpandersen	netreflector	0	Developer
stellsmi	netreflector	0	Developer
wcaputo	netreflector	0	Developer
camusatan	netservos	1	Project Manager
pwelter34	netspell	1	Developer
aferende	netsqlazman	1	No specific role
rsteckel	netstreams	1	No specific role
aefimov	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
shake234	nettasksforidea	1	No specific role
softming	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
stuartharper	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
steelman06	networkmonitor	1	No specific role
mraq	netx	1	No specific role
ddent	netxplode	1	All-Hands Person
pedro	netxx	1	No specific role
rvlieshout	neunit	1	Developer
timtw	neunit	1	No specific role
digitalart	neurolib	1	No specific role
dominik74	neuronalnet	1	No specific role
crweb	neuros	0	Developer
derobert	neuros	1	Developer
dollzerr	neuros	0	Developer
joeborn	neuros	1	Project Manager
john_quigley	neuros	1	Developer
nerochiaro	neuros	1	Developer
hollstegge	neutrino-php	1	No specific role
bkliewer	newfel	1	No specific role
bkliewer	newfieq	1	No specific role
hbro	newsclass	1	No specific role
dasilentstorm	nextvision	1	Developer
mystik77	nextvision	1	Developer
schoeppchen	nextvision	1	Developer
fangr	nfc	1	No specific role
bccryder	nfit	0	Developer
ccnetlive	nfit	0	No specific role
hafiz_a	nfit	0	Developer
smgf	nfit	1	No specific role
stellsmi	nfit	1	All-Hands Person
wadsworth	nfit	0	Developer
wardcunningham	nfit	0	All-Hands Person
alan13	nfop	1	Developer
eightfootplus	nfop	0	Developer
kfoley05	nfop	1	Developer
mrbool	nfop	0	Developer
pettys	nfop	1	No specific role
sobranis	nfop	0	Developer
uruz	nfop	1	No specific role
tdjordan	nfor	1	No specific role
lucabar	ngenlib	1	No specific role
performer24	ngmp	1	No specific role
gurumuhk	ngsdk	1	Project Manager
ayenderahien	nhibernate	0	Developer
crowdozer	nhibernate	0	Developer
demanic	nhibernate	0	No specific role
fabiomaulo	nhibernate	0	Tester
jerryshea2	nhibernate	0	No specific role
jimcool	nhibernate	0	No specific role
johntmorris	nhibernate	0	No specific role
justme84	nhibernate	1	Developer
karlchu	nhibernate	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	nhibernate	0	No specific role
kpixel	nhibernate	1	Developer
luggage	nhibernate	0	No specific role
mikedoerfler	nhibernate	1	Developer
mthird	nhibernate	0	No specific role
phatcher	nhibernate	0	No specific role
pwistrand	nhibernate	0	No specific role
szoke	nhibernate	0	No specific role
tjb300	nhibernate	0	No specific role
phanto	nhibernateexten	1	No specific role
mdsrlz	nhproviders	1	No specific role
rnix	nicerobot	1	No specific role
nicesearch	nicesearch	1	No specific role
nickvergessen	nickvergessen	1	No specific role
mark-wilkinson	nine-libs	1	No specific role
jword	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
orasis	ninetynine	0	Project Manager
tliron	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
bmatzelle	nini	1	No specific role
noodleroni	ninstaller	1	No specific role
wolfc	nioext	1	All-Hands Person
bsdz	niperl	1	No specific role
chrispage	nitric	0	No specific role
jax	nitric	0	Developer
lisa_lippincott	nitric	1	No specific role
mclow	nitric	1	Developer
rmessier	nits	1	No specific role
anaktos	nktspeview	1	Developer
quantumg	nktspeview	1	No specific role
rawo	nlinalg	1	No specific role
damato	nlist-classes	1	Project Manager
gnfnr	nlist-classes	0	Developer
gnikl	nlist-classes	1	Developer
sba	nlist-classes	1	Developer
thboeckel	nlist-classes	0	Developer
yabba	nlist-classes	0	Developer
btihanyi	nloc	1	No specific role
lazarus404	nmagick	1	No specific role
desunit	nmailunit	1	No specific role
dapimp	nmock2	1	No specific role
joepoon	nmock2	0	No specific role
mgm	nmock2	1	Developer
nwhaley	nmock2	0	No specific role
lanwin	nmould	1	Developer
jsalz	nmstl	1	No specific role
cababunga	nmstl2	1	Developer
michal017	nnl	1	No specific role
aknight33	no-sod	0	Web Designer
bgao_7351	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ccpraude	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cedsoft	no-sod	0	Developer
erkih	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jwegener	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
nosod	no-sod	1	Developer
wrhodes3	no-sod	0	Doc Writer
netsach	nob	1	No specific role
nocaute	nocaute	1	No specific role
nom_keyboard	nom-keyboard	1	No specific role
davybrion	noma	1	No specific role
gbonalde	nomacolamp	1	No specific role
schoenborno	noptrlib	1	No specific role
andreasb	nor-mandrake	1	No specific role
larsan	norna	1	No specific role
abashev	nosa	1	No specific role
orbital56	nospeak	1	Developer
lhrasera	notarium	0	Doc Writer
mdelara	notarium	1	Project Manager
mlanger	notarium	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
pereira_jair	notarium	0	Developer
donho	notepad-plus	1	Project Manager
dv__	notepad-plus	0	Developer
jenslorenz	notepad-plus	0	Developer
severach	notepad-plus	0	Developer
stef_le_gall	notepad-plus	0	Web Designer
otbsupport	notepadpluspe	1	No specific role
alldrix	notes2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andersonrb	notes2	1	No specific role
andrenix	notes2	0	Tester
dennerbb	notes2	0	Developer
jonblackjack	notes2	0	Developer
sjosimar	notes2	0	Developer
tiagosch	notes2	0	Developer
vtbhoher	notes2	0	Developer
egladysh	notus	1	No specific role
lomoff	notus	0	Developer
mikup	notus	0	Developer
lavosphoenix	novaeon-magi	1	No specific role
szeiger	novocode-tk	1	Project Manager
grayarea	nox	1	Project Manager
jinishans	npdf	1	No specific role
paralogiki	npl	1	No specific role
jeberly	nplanner	0	No specific role
michaeldavidcox	nplanner	0	Developer
rbanerji	nplanner	0	No specific role
scottlaw1	nplanner	0	No specific role
vulgrin	nplanner	1	No specific role
oblin	nprofile	1	Project Manager
jonshute	nprofiler	1	No specific role
berkenbosch	nproject	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	nproject	0	Developer
kharly	nproject	0	Developer
rodeomac	nproject	1	Project Manager
uruz	nproject	0	Developer
brutzman	npsnetv	0	Developer
dunblane74	npsnetv	0	Developer
ejsalles	npsnetv	0	Developer
eserin	npsnetv	0	Developer
ey6es	npsnetv	1	Developer
jdneushul	npsnetv	0	Developer
mcgredo	npsnetv	1	Developer
mparupal	npsnetv	0	Developer
squidcoder	npsnetv	0	Developer
xuehua_xm	npsnetv	0	Developer
apersaud	npx	1	Project Manager
lerc	nqn	1	No specific role
mrfun	nqn	0	No specific role
jmenard	nqxml	1	No specific role
tam0	nrss	1	No specific role
thirdapple	nsbrain	1	No specific role
carlito_au	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
deep-trouble	nsis-scriptgen	1	No specific role
manav_rathi	nsis-scriptgen	1	No specific role
psypab	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
tdhdeep	nsis-scriptgen	1	No specific role
germelito	nspode	0	Web Designer
giulianobg	nspode	1	No specific role
rlisboars	nspode	0	Developer
cege7480	nspring	0	Developer
gilesforster	nspring	0	Developer
illsorted	nspring	0	Developer
jauren	nspring	0	Developer
jvarszegi	nspring	1	Developer
levithian2k	nsrcp	1	Developer
mgeramb	nsrcp	1	No specific role
apurva_m	nstl	1	No specific role
dhruvmatani	nstl	1	Developer
fohringer0	nstreamlib	0	Developer
spodskubka	nstreamlib	1	Developer
nrpg	nstudio	1	No specific role
wildex999	nsvlib	1	No specific role
banane2000	ntacl	1	No specific role
akosma	nteam	0	No specific role
alexjcampbell	nteam	0	Project Manager
aspiering	nteam	1	Developer
aspnetgeek	nteam	0	No specific role
bestcomy	nteam	0	Developer
bonder	nteam	0	No specific role
chaoticpeace	nteam	0	Project Manager
chrisbkr	nteam	0	No specific role
cvawter	nteam	0	Developer
damage-plan	nteam	0	Developer
djgraham	nteam	0	No specific role
edchapel	nteam	0	Developer
engine252	nteam	0	No specific role
ericson	nteam	0	Developer
fanzoo	nteam	0	Project Manager
gardenerd	nteam	0	Project Manager
gibbensr	nteam	0	Developer
iracerx	nteam	0	Developer
jasonbentley	nteam	1	No specific role
jonas_antonsson	nteam	0	Developer
justinking	nteam	0	Developer
jzdecourcy	nteam	0	No specific role
levirosol	nteam	0	Developer
pombredanne	nteam	0	No specific role
pwelter34	nteam	0	Developer
rbuckton	nteam	0	Project Manager
repo_stef	nteam	0	No specific role
rlaneve	nteam	0	Developer
robthejedi	nteam	0	Project Manager
rrinaldi	nteam	0	Developer
sam_dlg	nteam	0	Developer
sbellware	nteam	0	Developer
skjagini	nteam	0	Developer
smartdot	nteam	0	Developer
sreynolds17	nteam	0	Project Manager
s_m	nteam	0	Project Manager
thmoje	nteam	0	No specific role
wilsond_msft	nteam	0	No specific role
voronkov	ntl	1	Developer
daverman	ntpath	1	No specific role
ntrifunovic	ntserviceclass	1	No specific role
gesha_x	nuclos	1	No specific role
biste	nullabletypes	0	Developer
damienguard	nullabletypes	0	No specific role
lukadotnet	nullabletypes	1	Project Manager
alecn2002	num2str	1	No specific role
billward	number-format	1	No specific role
ceeshek	number-format	0	Developer
cstrep	number-format	0	Developer
dlc	number-format	0	Developer
jonasbn	number-format	0	Developer
rpgsimmaster	numberfive	1	No specific role
falsinfab	numbertool	1	No specific role
xsynackx	numcv	1	No specific role
charliepoole	nunit	1	Developer
coryfoy	nunit	0	Developer
garyfx	nunit	0	Web Designer
jcansdale	nunit	0	Developer
mike2	nunit	1	Developer
shmarya	nunit	0	Developer
trayburn	nunit	0	Developer
afinnell	nunitasp	0	Developer
aginos	nunitasp	0	Developer
brik	nunitasp	0	Project Manager
jlittle82	nunitasp	1	Developer
lkhatskevitch	nunitasp	0	Developer
adamvan	nunitforms	0	Developer
andlil4711	nunitforms	0	Developer
charliepoole	nunitforms	1	Developer
deboeck	nunitforms	0	Developer
jeremydmiller	nunitforms	0	Developer
lukemaxon	nunitforms	1	No specific role
nigelbeach	nunitforms	0	Developer
legolas558	nuntius	1	No specific role
aw36	nusho	1	No specific role
darxkies	nutexframework	1	No specific role
bserdar	nutf	1	No specific role
ubiguchi	nutility	1	No specific role
cimmerian	nuweb	1	No specific role
glauschwuffel	nuweb	1	No specific role
keithharwood	nuweb	1	Developer
mengel	nuweb	1	No specific role
adah	nvwa	1	No specific role
eyrdan	nwndynlib	1	Project Manager
jsedwards	nwos	1	No specific role
zhangkl	nwpu-lanhuahua	1	No specific role
andyboyne	nxbre	0	Developer
ddossot	nxbre	1	Project Manager
ronevans	nxbre	0	Developer
sjoyeux	nxbre	0	Developer
chris_aitken	nxcontrols	1	No specific role
pvax	nxmlui	1	No specific role
firepoet	nxplanner	1	Project Manager
itility	nxplanner	0	Developer
cmwslw	nxtpp	1	No specific role
maddock	nxtpp	0	Developer
phyizal	nxtpp	0	Developer
hot_sleeper	nymm-genn	1	No specific role
amersohail794	o2x	1	No specific role
fguillau	o3dge	1	Project Manager
massilla	o3dge	1	Project Manager
vishal_kochhar	oaklib	1	No specific role
oyoaha	oalnf	1	No specific role
adrianprice	obe	1	Project Manager
aeden	obe	1	Project Manager
dengwu	obe	0	Developer
garagan	obe	0	Developer
garybollinger	obe	1	Project Manager
tlodge	obe	0	Developer
wburdick	ober	1	No specific role
bluestrm	obfuscatejs	1	No specific role
neurolabs	obfuscatejs	1	Developer
obfusk	obfusk	1	Developer
chrisridd	objcsax	1	No specific role
camposj	objectbase	1	Project Manager
clombardi	objectbase	0	No specific role
hliendo	objectbase	1	Project Manager
ibottero	objectbase	0	No specific role
jfernandes	objectbase	0	No specific role
leito_1980	objectbase	0	No specific role
luchorey	objectbase	0	Developer
matthewthegrey	objectbase	0	Developer
npasserini	objectbase	1	Project Manager
obi_juan_kenobi	objectbase	1	Project Manager
rgluck	objectbase	0	No specific role
sancey	objectbase	0	Developer
frb-de	objectbrowser	1	All-Hands Person
luizfernando	objectcircuits	1	Developer
matheusleite	objectcircuits	1	Project Manager
brettryan	objectgrid	1	All-Hands Person
jae	objective-gtk	1	No specific role
fmrfirebird	objective3d	1	Project Manager
oasp	objectiveasp	1	All-Hands Person
will_mason	objectivelib	1	No specific role
spyder_tl	objectlibdoc	1	No specific role
jnye	objectthread	1	No specific role
julianreich	objectum	1	No specific role
fernandoribeiro	objetospelados	1	No specific role
rodrigoabreu	objetospelados	0	No specific role
firdaus_halim	objmap	1	No specific role
kuba-11	obskurator	1	No specific role
farcrafter	obtruder	1	No specific role
garzol	ocamaweb	1	Project Manager
jbesnard	ocamaweb	0	Developer
jf-leg	ocamaweb	0	Web Designer
true_garzol	ocamaweb	0	Editorial/Content Writer
chris_77	ocaml-benchmark	1	No specific role
smimram	ocaml-glpk	1	No specific role
adubey	ocaml-lib	1	No specific role
bhurt	ocaml-lib	0	No specific role
jjhellst	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
mottl	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
my_login	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
ncannasse	ocaml-lib	1	Project Manager
rwmjones	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
skaller	ocaml-lib	0	No specific role
trevarthan	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
yori	ocaml-lib	0	No specific role
d_plaindoux	ocaml-xml	1	No specific role
oliv__a	ocamlplot	1	No specific role
vl_o	occsketcher	1	No specific role
kasspip	occultation	1	Project Manager
mauhuur	oci8ml	1	No specific role
i90410	ocibc	1	No specific role
jhwoodyatt	ocnae	1	All-Hands Person
hdalis	ocs-comps	0	No specific role
tectsoft	ocs-comps	1	No specific role
zifnabbe	ocs-comps	0	No specific role
gnufied	octave-gtk	0	No specific role
gnumuthu	octave-gtk	1	Developer
nextcoder	octopi	1	No specific role
llcostalonga	octopusmusic	1	No specific role
qchamaeleon	ocurl	1	No specific role
gonzoua	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
logicblue	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
nayan	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
peteralexharvey	odbc-class-lib	1	No specific role
danfengr	oddas	0	No specific role
peterb	oddas	1	No specific role
tdrury	oddas	1	No specific role
pmacko	odegl	1	No specific role
d_cent	odf	1	Developer
king_lo	odf	1	No specific role
clsdaniel	odkit	1	No specific role
odubay	odpdom	1	No specific role
azeneski	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
bwesley	ofbiz	0	No specific role
byersa	ofbiz	0	Developer
ccnelson	ofbiz	0	No specific role
cjne	ofbiz	0	Developer
davidoo	ofbiz	0	No specific role
dustinsc	ofbiz	0	No specific role
eckardjf	ofbiz	0	No specific role
epabst	ofbiz	0	No specific role
jonesde	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
justaman	ofbiz	0	Developer
ofbiztest	ofbiz	0	No specific role
razorb	ofbiz	0	No specific role
rgielen	ofbiz	0	No specific role
sincnet	ofbiz	0	Tester
stephenloosli	ofbiz	0	Distributor/Promoter
carstenbreuer	ofc	1	Project Manager
cornware-cjp	ofc	0	Developer
geurt	ofc	0	No specific role
ideras	ofc	0	Developer
shadowdog	ofc	1	Developer
timussch	ofc	0	Developer
robert_futrell	officelnfs	1	No specific role
warlock24	ofpide	1	No specific role
cdlu	oftc	1	Project Manager
cry0gen	oftc	1	Developer
eelf	oftc	1	Unix Admin
freeworldircd	oftc	0	Developer
mattinx	oftc	1	Developer
mikegrb	oftc	0	Developer
miroman	oftc	1	Developer
winjer	oftc	0	Developer
aeschylus	oges	0	No specific role
plange	oges	1	Project Manager
ttr	oges	1	No specific role
amathis101	ogf	1	No specific role
jeffm2501	ogf	1	Developer
callmeott	oggonachip	1	No specific role
rdorsch71	oggonachip	1	No specific role
saiph	oggonachip	1	No specific role
johnw_tw	ogl-lib	1	Support Technician
p3p3	ogl-lib	1	No specific role
weha_su	ogl-lib	1	Developer
bobvodka	oglwfw	1	No specific role
hfettig	ogpm	0	Developer
jkring	ogpm	1	Developer
jpdrolet	ogpm	0	No specific role
kshif	ogpm	0	No specific role
labviewer	ogpm	0	No specific role
mballa	ogpm	0	Developer
mikeashe	ogpm	0	No specific role
njkirchner	ogpm	0	Developer
photon_dan	ogpm	0	Developer
pjm_design	ogpm	1	Developer
valiot	ogpm	1	Project Manager
okdoc	ogrejuggler	1	Developer
elemings	ogs	1	No specific role
balthazore	ogscorp	0	Developer
locvez	ogscorp	1	Developer
mavu	ojama	1	No specific role
aselkirk	oje	1	No specific role
dherman	oje	0	No specific role
nicferrier	oje	1	No specific role
perryn	oje	0	No specific role
shiao	oje	0	No specific role
snowy	oje	0	No specific role
wielaard	oje	0	No specific role
duboisvi	ojef	1	No specific role
brovienas	okcomponents	1	No specific role
dgil	okernel	1	Project Manager
pive	okernel	1	Developer
pfeiffer	okopo	1	No specific role
olegyk	olegykj	1	Project Manager
dayu	olims	0	No specific role
menggb	olims	1	No specific role
roguemtl	olstrans	1	No specific role
sdonovan	olstrans	0	No specific role
wensong	olstrans	0	No specific role
zeevon	olstrans	0	No specific role
tbergmann	oltp-platform	1	No specific role
dropfred	om2t	1	No specific role
abdelkarim	oma-scts	0	Developer
bbralo	oma-scts	0	No specific role
calpaugh	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
chpham	oma-scts	1	Developer
ddixson73	oma-scts	1	All-Hands Person
dgc03052	oma-scts	0	No specific role
duke4ever79	oma-scts	0	No specific role
nico01h	oma-scts	0	No specific role
oma-scts	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
pthompson509	oma-scts	0	Developer
shads78	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
u970133	oma-scts	0	No specific role
vitali42	oma-scts	0	Developer
yannperier	oma-scts	0	Developer
ldl	omega	1	No specific role
mdc	omega	0	No specific role
mdc-omega	omega	0	No specific role
mpepper	omega	0	No specific role
omega-mdc	omega	0	No specific role
toad	omega	0	No specific role
whitten	omega	1	No specific role
jglatz	omega-hsm	1	No specific role
indigo_sunrise	omegaengine	0	Developer
jprivett	omegaengine	1	Developer
sedimin	omgrofl	1	No specific role
jockmacmad	omjstate	1	No specific role
nahedh	omlx	1	No specific role
omlx	omlx	1	Project Manager
dyland	omniproject	1	Developer
yanii	omniproject	1	No specific role
shanky_tiwari	omom	1	Project Manager
tomasliq	omtk	1	No specific role
bensch128	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
firas_3d	omtoolbox	0	Developer
henrykorol	omtoolbox	1	All-Hands Person
j-wicz	omtoolbox	0	Developer
jakobwelner	omtoolbox	1	Project Manager
varomix	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
vzheiska	omtoolbox	0	Developer
walther_jeppe	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
hmiplar	onejvm	0	No specific role
ikestrel	onejvm	1	Project Manager
thlee	onemind-commons	1	No specific role
one-source	onesource	1	No specific role
benalex	oness	0	No specific role
carlossg	oness	1	No specific role
mavensync	oness	0	No specific role
izekia	onestools	1	No specific role
bjhindman	onewirepd	1	Developer
egocentric	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
jpat	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
nishu_naga	onlinebackup	1	No specific role
gresrun	onlinenic4j	1	No specific role
gldneagl	onmobile	1	Project Manager
navpar	onmobile	1	Project Manager
j3nda	onscenedialog	1	No specific role
schombert	onscheme	1	No specific role
bwcto	oo-browser	1	No specific role
abah	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
ahyeop	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
bustamam	oo-l10n-my	1	Project Manager
sebol	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
sharuzzaman	oo-l10n-my	1	All-Hands Person
webmastermelayu	oo-l10n-my	1	Unix Admin
umdenken	oo-widgets	1	No specific role
zalthar	oo3dengine	1	Project Manager
derekberube	ooarsapi	1	No specific role
m94asr	oobench	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
sck	oobench	1	No specific role
taoism	oofb	1	No specific role
eggert_larsen	oom	1	No specific role
blendi	ooml	1	Developer
thjordan	ooml	1	Developer
tommy_butler	ooopps	1	Project Manager
borgers	oopl	1	Project Manager
entropy	ooxml	1	No specific role
globbi	ooxml	1	No specific role
snooze	ooxml	1	No specific role
dave_edwards	opag	1	Project Manager
dcardamo	opag	1	No specific role
msoulier	opag	1	Project Manager
beharrell	opcxml	1	No specific role
iwilloug	open-arm	0	Developer
naedphil	open-arm	1	Developer
xtrnmst	open-arm	1	All-Hands Person
edwardbenson	open-dbexpress	1	Project Manager
pult	open-dbexpress	0	Developer
akia	open-portal	1	No specific role
fxiaodi	open-pragmatic	1	No specific role
computergeek693	open-release	0	Developer
the_valium	open-sstcp	1	No specific role
irfanb	open-top	0	Developer
roblugt	open-top	1	No specific role
asriley	openagent	1	No specific role
gleo	openai	1	Project Manager
thornhalo	openai	1	Developer
quattro004	openal-net-sdk	1	No specific role
grandzebu	openbarcodes	1	No specific role
daniil_guit	openbgi	1	No specific role
jsheets	openbooks	1	No specific role
abajolet	opencare	1	Developer
eincande	opencare	1	Project Manager
benlogan	opencbp	0	No specific role
busfahrer	opencbp	0	Developer
dchapes	opencbp	1	All-Hands Person
deklund2	opencbp	0	Developer
flu_id	opencbp	1	Project Manager
fmarletta	opencbp	0	Developer
ljrpicasso	opencbp	0	Developer
messy	opencbp	0	Developer
ppl	opencbp	1	Developer
toph	opencbp	0	No specific role
marktoml	openclips	1	Developer
thsutton	openclips	1	Developer
twcook	openclips	1	No specific role
dave_schoorl	opencmsmoddev	1	All-Hands Person
lostingamma	opencocoa	1	No specific role
coder_1024	opendds	1	No specific role
oth3r1if3_sf	opendds	1	Developer
totten_s	opendds	1	Project Manager
david_lovegrove	opendgui	1	No specific role
infosecpolice	opendhtmlspy	0	Project Manager
opendhtmlspy	opendhtmlspy	1	No specific role
matzek	opendocser	1	No specific role
abretz	opendte	0	Developer
amessner	opendte	1	Project Manager
dpfeifle	opendte	1	Project Manager
mgriffel	opendte	1	Project Manager
mrumpf	opendte	1	Project Manager
mschneid	opendte	0	Developer
bcdc1980	opendws	0	No specific role
jymloke1125	opendws	0	Developer
mauriceling	opendws	1	Project Manager
paulwong	opendws	0	No specific role
akia	openecm	1	No specific role
arthur_cheng	openemcee	0	No specific role
chris_fauerbach	openemcee	0	No specific role
msroane	openemcee	0	Doc Writer
rbnewton	openemcee	0	No specific role
schenksj	openemcee	1	Project Manager
yxk	openemcee	0	No specific role
sgould	openforecast	1	No specific role
bajopalabra	openfox	1	No specific role
klahr	openfury	1	No specific role
brunonicoletti	openfxshakehost	1	No specific role
dcandela	openfxshakehost	1	No specific role
rminsk	openfxshakehost	0	No specific role
joleuger	opengameconsole	1	Project Manager
groliffe	opengc	0	Developer
madmartigan	opengc	1	No specific role
xcastle	opengc	0	Developer
shnam7	opengcl	1	No specific role
kingn	openglc2	1	No specific role
joekrahn	openglut	0	Developer
nigels	openglut	1	No specific role
gkirkend	opengraph	1	Project Manager
kjetilja	opengrid	1	Project Manager
lauvset	opengrid	1	Project Manager
marzullo	opengrid	0	Developer
patrickjchase	opengrid	0	Developer
ashishuttarwar	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
brannigan	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
brian175	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
chrisdavis3587	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
crelf	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dafemec	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dhouser	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
dr_ivel	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
eodickens	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
harre	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
hfettig	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jkring	opengtoolkit	1	No specific role
jpdrolet	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
jtrager	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
kejavalen	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
klostej	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
kshif	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
labviewer	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
mashe	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
matthewharrison	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
mballa	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
mhenz	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
mzl	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
pjm_design	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
rtalbott	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
sullutions	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
t0605tv	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
tmaila	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
tonpg	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
undees	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
valiot	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
xuesongj	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jotto	openhelloworld	1	No specific role
jmarranz	openinnowhere	1	No specific role
ashore	openises	0	Project Manager
robertaustin	openises	1	No specific role
jmsalvo	openjgraph	1	No specific role
oqube	openjgraph	1	Project Manager
biorn_steedom	openjmx	1	Project Manager
tibu	openjmx	1	Project Manager
arthc	openlegends	0	Developer
joaopinheiro	openlegends	0	Web Designer
kronuz	openlegends	1	Project Manager
littlebuddy	openlegends	1	Project Manager
jbrohan	openlvlibs	1	Developer
mj_cole	openlvlibs	1	No specific role
bmackiew	openmap	1	Project Manager
dfdietrick	openmap	1	Developer
gknauth	openmap	1	Developer
pmanghwani	openmap	1	Developer
tmitchel	openmap	1	Developer
anyff	openmdx	0	Developer
brunostuder	openmdx	0	Tester
crixpcmu	openmdx	1	Content Management
dani-m	openmdx	0	Developer
dirty-harry	openmdx	1	Developer
donatmueller	openmdx	0	Developer
wfro	openmdx	1	Project Manager
garagecube	openmediatoolkt	1	No specific role
captain_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
mrmouse_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
noescom	opennet	1	No specific role
gsutter	openpackages	1	Project Manager
harlan	openpackages	0	Developer
reallost1	openpackages	1	No specific role
wca	openpackages	1	Developer
ununhexium	openpickit	1	No specific role
haslup	openpjb	0	Developer
jtl	openpjb	0	Developer
marquee	openpjb	0	Developer
mloos	openpjb	1	Project Manager
ndecker	openpjb	0	Developer
rmcpeak	openpjb	0	Developer
ttammisa	openpjb	0	Developer
bfulgham	openpoplog	0	Developer
bsl	openpoplog	0	Developer
jeffreytbest	openpoplog	1	Project Manager
jlc2	openpoplog	1	No specific role
nicoaragon	openpoplog	0	Developer
rogerevans	openpoplog	1	Developer
sfkleach	openpoplog	1	Developer
mmiissp	openprintassist	1	Project Manager
vidyra	openprintassist	1	Developer
skybuck	openptcdelphi	1	Project Manager
arminsteinhoff	openqnx	1	No specific role
dmi_a	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
hojbjerg	openqnx	0	Developer
liug	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
ssobolev	openqnx	0	Developer
aernst	openquasar	0	Developer
alexjost	openquasar	1	All-Hands Person
juergenkrey	openquasar	1	Project Manager
krs1	openquasar	0	Support Manager
marcus_rickert	openquasar	0	Developer
mvdesche	openquasar	0	Developer
nuenning	openquasar	0	Support Manager
ojuwig	openquasar	0	Support Manager
uhafner	openquasar	0	Developer
axcelis	openqueue	0	No specific role
mattj	openqueue	1	No specific role
mt8168	openria	1	No specific role
codecamel	openrj	0	All-Hands Person
matsys	openrj	1	No specific role
tassiedevil	openrj	0	Developer
dougwa	openroad-plus	1	No specific role
alpineguy	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
exodist	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
garitaiya	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
gigaclon	openrpg-gde	0	Developer
nerdnetwork	openrpg-gde	1	Web Designer
sonryoga	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
rolly-polly	openrules	1	No specific role
alan	opensched	1	Project Manager
guyou	opensched	1	Project Manager
mdewilde	opensde	1	Project Manager
johndison	opensetup	1	No specific role
andihess	openshore	0	Developer
hadan	openshore	0	Developer
heschulz	openshore	1	Project Manager
mayrk	openshore	0	Developer
perkens	openshore	0	Developer
tammo	openshore	1	Developer
dunng808	openslate	1	No specific role
jbscoutberlin	opensmalloffice	1	No specific role
gpepe	opensprings	1	Developer
jdos	opensprings	1	No specific role
beoch	openstore	1	No specific role
linuxfan_	openstudio	0	No specific role
spooker	openstudio	1	No specific role
kxu	opensxdl	1	Developer
mokona	opensxdl	1	Developer
tb_2000	opentheme	0	Project Manager
weiqj	opentheme	1	No specific role
the_fiddler	opentk	1	No specific role
biclinton	opentools	1	No specific role
pubuser	opentools	0	No specific role
fritsv	openusb	1	No specific role
hjelmn	openusb	0	Developer
lei_chen	openusb	0	Developer
milewis1	openusb	0	Developer
reflectivist	openusb	0	Developer
sophiali	openusb	1	Developer
xiaoxin	openusb	0	Developer
bestracer	openvisa	0	No specific role
kraptor	openvisa	0	No specific role
loott	openvisa	1	Project Manager
maurmo	openvisa	0	Developer
findajit	openvrms	1	No specific role
andreas_hu	openwebload	0	Developer
pjohnsen	openwebload	1	Developer
lazio	openwf	1	No specific role
bkraft	openwfe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fpiccand	openwfe	0	Developer
jlawrenc	openwfe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jmettraux	openwfe	1	Project Manager
lukas_eder	openwfe	0	Developer
rjennings	openwfe	0	Developer
rzebram	openwfe	0	Developer
sakag_blue	openwfe	0	Developer
smettraux	openwfe	0	Developer
azhrarnlod	openwinbot	1	Project Manager
blue_star	openwinbot	0	Developer
braindigitalis	openwinbot	1	Developer
brano111	openwince	0	Developer
flegy	openwince	0	Developer
jfabo	openwince	1	Developer
kshuang	openwince	0	Developer
michael_hora	openwince	1	Developer
telka	openwince	1	Project Manager
cesschneider	openworks	1	No specific role
regisnet	openworks	0	Tester
carcharius	openxdk	0	Developer
caustik	openxdk	1	Project Manager
edwardsc	openxdk	1	Developer
friedgold	openxdk	0	Developer
t0m_	openxdk	0	Developer
arthc	openzelda	0	No specific role
dragon-fang	openzelda	0	No specific role
joaopinheiro	openzelda	0	No specific role
kronuz	openzelda	1	Project Manager
openzelda	openzelda	1	Project Manager
strider-gu	openzelda	0	No specific role
system_failure	openzelda	0	No specific role
bjoern	opframeworks	1	No specific role
cug	opframeworks	0	All-Hands Person
mikesch	opframeworks	1	No specific role
theisen	opframeworks	1	No specific role
ulicht	opframeworks	0	Developer
westheide	opframeworks	0	Developer
pier1972	opnieuw	1	No specific role
korba812	opowapi	1	No specific role
purp	optdoc	1	No specific role
bwarsaw	optik	0	Developer
freso	optik	0	No specific role
goodger	optik	1	Developer
gward	optik	1	Project Manager
terrelshumway	optik	0	Developer
papablues	optionutil	1	No specific role
masanakahara	optionzero	0	Developer
tak-yoshida	optionzero	1	Project Manager
yoshibou	optionzero	0	Developer
gabor_kover	oql2jdo	1	No specific role
kresho	oraexp	1	Project Manager
duenker	oraload	1	Project Manager
bryanth	oranjestad	1	No specific role
nahor	orbaddons	1	Developer
yohan-orb	orbaddons	1	No specific role
chris_orbit	orbitsme	1	No specific role
mystifier	oregex	1	No specific role
jandockx	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
markono5	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
peterbla	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
tschrijvers	org-jutil	0	Developer
laza2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
ravne2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
fbfd	orm4j	1	Developer
schroeder_j	orm4j	1	Developer
s_holder	orm4j	1	Developer
yuriyb	ormyx	1	No specific role
cierniak	orp	1	Project Manager
xiaofeng_li	orp	0	Developer
xshi2	orp	0	Developer
wiseguy586	orpg2k	1	No specific role
emalotau	orunit	1	No specific role
ildar	os-development	1	No specific role
danewsmith	os-promo-distro	1	No specific role
eiffel777	os-promo-distro	1	Developer
sir_lojik	os-weblib	1	No specific role
gstewart4	osage	1	No specific role
daservis	osalp	1	Project Manager
alexvam	osc-reloaded	1	Project Manager
kreeger	oscar-osx	1	No specific role
darkling	oscars	1	No specific role
sigmond	oscars	1	Developer
nriesco	oscom	1	No specific role
ajv	osda	1	No specific role
ariebs	osdb	1	No specific role
markir	osdb	0	Developer
maxxis	osdb	0	Developer
petere78	osdb	0	Developer
vapour	osdb	0	Developer
wagnerpj	osdb	0	Developer
dscottwheeler	osdk-tools	1	No specific role
airwaves	osdldbt	0	Developer
bullpen	osdldbt	1	Developer
davecramer	osdldbt	0	Developer
dumptruck52	osdldbt	0	Developer
edgingtonj	osdldbt	0	Developer
guster_q	osdldbt	0	Developer
jberkus	osdldbt	0	Developer
jharris	osdldbt	0	Developer
jztpcw	osdldbt	0	Developer
klamath	osdldbt	0	Developer
markwkm	osdldbt	1	Developer
maryedie	osdldbt	0	Developer
min_xu	osdldbt	0	Developer
rilson	osdldbt	0	Developer
rtaylor02	osdldbt	0	Developer
scottiebo	osdldbt	0	Developer
snaga	osdldbt	0	Developer
swu23	osdldbt	0	Developer
taber_loveless	osdldbt	0	Developer
thackeray_s	osdldbt	0	Developer
wookie	osdldbt	0	Developer
jmglov	osdt	1	Project Manager
awheeler	osdtk	1	Developer
jshiffer	osdtk	1	Developer
rustedmatrix	osdtk	1	Developer
grahamd	ose	1	No specific role
rafaelmlcb	oses	1	No specific role
prokushev	osfree	1	No specific role
dkhaywood	osgibundles	1	Developer
rcmatthews	osgibundles	0	No specific role
jcermak	osioss	1	Developer
jcothran	osioss	1	No specific role
daxlec	oslc	1	No specific role
devil_moon	oslc	1	Project Manager
lrontyne	oslc	1	Project Manager
sjkaaria	oslc	1	Project Manager
villoks	oslc	1	Project Manager
mriosalido	oslcm	1	No specific role
cziegeler	osoco	1	Developer
codemangler	ospdflib	1	No specific role
dispader	ospi	1	Developer
felipeudel	ospi	0	Developer
ospi	ospi	1	No specific role
peridotventures	ospi	1	Developer
silbeg	ospi	0	Developer
sbutman	osrecruiter	1	No specific role
dchud	oss4lib	1	No specific role
aggro80	ossdevstudio	1	No specific role
krisnod	ossdevstudio	1	Developer
jsdever	ost	1	No specific role
beyondnet	osts	1	Developer
otbsupport	otbsoft	1	No specific role
kindman1	otk	1	No specific role
sacry1	otlib	1	No specific role
alevensalor	otsfrfleetmgmt	0	No specific role
hsienkie	otsfrfleetmgmt	1	No specific role
jhr87	otsfrfleetmgmt	0	No specific role
lukeazariah	otsys	1	No specific role
evl	ottobus	1	No specific role
axe69	ouvert	1	Project Manager
ouvert	ouvert	0	No specific role
webot	ovhapi	1	No specific role
apurv	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
black-hand	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
cirrusrex	owasp-input-api	0	No specific role
cogent	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
gabe100	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
heartogold	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
mcurphey	owasp-input-api	1	No specific role
russcoon	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
owinfo	owdatastructs	1	No specific role
michaelmess	owinlib	1	No specific role
mimaus	owinlib	0	Developer
shenchilang	owlet-code	1	No specific role
regrainb	owlib	1	No specific role
jogybl	owlnext	1	Developer
yuri_b	owlnext	1	No specific role
dmonroy	oxide	1	No specific role
slowbyte	ozdev	1	No specific role
sabeg	p3asm	1	No specific role
blytkerchan	p4w	0	No specific role
earnie	p4w	1	Project Manager
shwaresyst	p4w	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dreamingbear	p5re	1	No specific role
stripslashes	paced	1	No specific role
horkychen	packagebuilder	1	No specific role
bonniot	packages	1	No specific role
igouy	packages	0	No specific role
clintoca	packer	0	Developer
dmilstein	packer	1	No specific role
packetvb	packetvb	1	Project Manager
pbdhivakar	pactool	1	No specific role
osmo	pagemgr	1	No specific role
foozy	pagemixer	1	No specific role
dugues	paiol	1	No specific role
nacho_pancho	pajuan	1	No specific role
hackebeil20	paklib	1	No specific role
ahakkinen	paktool	1	No specific role
mcfar54	palinx	1	No specific role
cookieteam	palm-dos	1	Project Manager
craig_comstock	palm-linux	1	No specific role
nickv_111	palm-linux	1	No specific role
useless	palm-linux	0	No specific role
swallace	palm-wrap	1	No specific role
catoo	palmcppunit	1	Project Manager
qiwenmin	palmcppunit	1	No specific role
ratrent	palmfc	1	Developer
arpruss	palmfontconv	1	No specific role
anjalivarma	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
gajen	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
sylbert	palmlibhttp	1	Project Manager
crramirez	palmoscrlib	1	No specific role
selmi	palmpng	1	No specific role
arpruss	palmresize	1	No specific role
alicemirror	palmtv	1	No specific role
delfare	pands	1	Developer
jandujar	pands	0	Tester
molousk	pands	1	Developer
ndsdev	pands	0	Tester
smealum	pands	1	Developer
johnhoffman	pang	1	No specific role
bestfriendchris	panopticode	0	Developer
jrshaw	panopticode	1	No specific role
nraychaudhuri	panopticode	0	Developer
padark	panopticode	0	Developer
matsys	pantheios	1	No specific role
tassiedevil	pantheios	0	Developer
andru	papyrusreport	1	No specific role
eford	parameterparser	1	No specific role
stardogg	parashell	1	No specific role
anju_kaul	parc	0	Developer
gklund	parc	0	Developer
jstolle	parc	0	Developer
lakshmi_sv	parc	0	Developer
pmckinstry	parc	1	Project Manager
romerom	parc	0	Developer
vaibhav_ran	parc	0	Developer
venkatprakash	parc	0	Developer
cenlee	parcels	1	Developer
knmnyn	parcels	1	No specific role
lauaikmi	parcels	1	Developer
vyersta	parcels	1	Developer
atoku	parseconflib	1	No specific role
acme	parseperl	0	Developer
adamkennedy	parseperl	1	No specific role
aragorn	parseperl	0	Developer
autrijus	parseperl	0	Developer
broquaint	parseperl	0	Developer
bynari	parseperl	0	Developer
chrisdolan	parseperl	0	No specific role
claesjac	parseperl	0	Developer
coral	parseperl	0	Developer
drforrester	parseperl	0	Developer
miyagawa-t	parseperl	0	Developer
jineshkj	parser	1	Project Manager
ntubski	parser	0	Developer
zaak	parsnip	1	No specific role
viergroupie	parsnip-parser	1	No specific role
dermole	party	1	No specific role
drclaus	party	0	No specific role
drmalte	party	0	No specific role
fah-q	pas	0	Developer
j00z	pas	0	Developer
mortis	pas	1	Project Manager
cgp	pas2h	1	No specific role
alancunningham	pasdiff	1	Project Manager
torcq	passrcp	1	No specific role
mutante_power_b	pastelog	1	Developer
bargle0	pastry4j	1	No specific role
paulfernhout	patapata	1	Developer
babounours	patchwork13	0	Developer
billitch	patchwork13	1	Project Manager
broen	patchwork13	0	Developer
igorvonfassen	patchwork13	0	Developer
r00k	patchwork13	0	Developer
splin	patchwork13	0	Developer
swapx	patchwork13	0	Developer
leejason	patentgroupware	1	No specific role
nevali	pathfinder	1	No specific role
berzal	pattern	1	Project Manager
e4c5	pattern	0	No specific role
eaudet	pattern	0	No specific role
fzappert	pattern	0	No specific role
hypologician	pattern	0	No specific role
silentblue	pattern	0	No specific role
tvaga	pattern	0	No specific role
oboehm	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
ojojo	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
shohara	patterntesting	0	Developer
vmassol	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
xwarzee	patterntesting	0	Developer
p_millipede	paul-software	1	No specific role
danpe	pausethreads	1	No specific role
nasrinm	pazesh	1	No specific role
tigerchamp	pbassistant	1	No specific role
cioannou	pblib	1	No specific role
andrelouw	pbof	0	Developer
elabuschagne	pbof	0	Developer
gvandyk	pbof	1	No specific role
hgeldenhuys	pbof	0	Developer
woutervdberg	pbof	0	Developer
cobrajs	pbomb	1	No specific role
jurberg	pbunit	1	No specific role
philcya	pbunit	1	Developer
cardsharq	pcardsdotnet	1	No specific role
g0n	pcbsd-es	1	No specific role
johnny13	pcc	1	Developer
bak	pcj	1	No specific role
arxip	pckdos	1	No specific role
bero	pclasses	0	Developer
cproch	pclasses	1	Project Manager
dloof	pclasses	0	Developer
gjehle	pclasses	1	Web Designer
marc_d	pclasses	0	Developer
mish_the_fish	pcre	1	No specific role
sieve	pcre-cc	1	No specific role
gehtsoft	pcre-cs	1	No specific role
mottl	pcre-ocaml	1	No specific role
keesh	pcre-win32	1	No specific role
lechertl	pcrm	1	All-Hands Person
scorpik	pcrm	0	No specific role
pcs_org	pcstoolkit	1	No specific role
smatiz	pdb-idx-waba	1	No specific role
raphaelpaiva	pdbdriverview	1	No specific role
kosalf	pdcbatest	1	No specific role
devl	pdclib	1	Project Manager
devsolar	pdclib	1	Project Manager
hackerdan	pdetools	1	No specific role
panbachi	pdevelop	1	No specific role
gcampbell	pdf-inc	1	Developer
jmls	pdf-inc	0	Developer
dejean	pdf2xml	1	No specific role
rosa	pdftemplates	1	No specific role
feradz	pdfutils	1	No specific role
cyke64	pdis-miso	1	No specific role
teroh	pdis-miso	1	No specific role
finell	pdk	1	Web Designer
gathmann	pdk	1	Project Manager
heinkel	pdk	1	Project Manager
webheld	pdk	0	Developer
jackpark	pdkb	0	No specific role
jgage	pdkb	0	No specific role
jpark	pdkb	0	No specific role
kennedycolm	pdkb	0	No specific role
ldl	pdkb	0	No specific role
mnp	pdkb	0	No specific role
mpepper	pdkb	0	No specific role
npengell	pdkb	0	No specific role
oommoo	pdkb	1	No specific role
pdkb	pdkb	1	No specific role
shane_308	pdkb	0	No specific role
swatcat	pdkb	0	No specific role
toad	pdkb	0	No specific role
whitten	pdkb	1	No specific role
wizardstorm	pdkb	0	Developer
jmaxwilson	pdo-x	1	No specific role
mbuna	peak	1	Project Manager
radius	peak	0	Developer
spale	peak	0	Developer
andrerestivo	peardboo	1	Project Manager
nunomplopes	peardboo	1	Project Manager
sergiocarvalho	peardboo	1	No specific role
pebbleroller	pebble-talk	1	No specific role
peccavi	peccavi	1	No specific role
alaiba	pechy	1	Project Manager
youvnor	pechy	1	No specific role
jax	pedestal	1	No specific role
redbull99	peidextsigedit	1	No specific role
lsolesen	pel	0	No specific role
mgeisler	pel	1	Project Manager
profetas	pelanguage	1	No specific role
rheiny	pelib	1	No specific role
stefan222	pellucid	1	No specific role
ken_steele	pelp	1	Developer
luis_miras	pelp	1	Developer
kvanals	peng-connect	1	No specific role
hexamon	penub	0	Developer
idumali	penub	1	Developer
lasha	penub	0	Developer
mikheil	penub	0	Developer
gmerize	pep-pp	1	Developer
leandropa	pep-pp	1	No specific role
freddy77	perdr	1	All-Hands Person
brendenvickery	perdure	1	No specific role
vslovnyk	pere	1	All-Hands Person
mikpe	perfctr	1	No specific role
lazy81	perl-coma	1	No specific role
apostasy	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
autarch	perl-date-time	1	Developer
biglug	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
cfaerber	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
fglock	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
fiji	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
jesse	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
jhoblitt	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
jshy	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
kellan	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
lestrrat	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
mojotoad	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
pijll	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
rbowen	perl-date-time	1	No specific role
rkhill	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
wheeler	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
anarion	perl-es	1	No specific role
drnoop	perl-es	1	No specific role
fxn	perl-es	1	No specific role
hopes	perl-es	1	No specific role
jmerelo	perl-es	1	No specific role
kerowme	perl-es	1	No specific role
pne	perl-klingon	1	No specific role
kaster	perl-mvc	1	All-Hands Person
abcdem	perl-oak	0	Developer
aguimar	perl-oak	0	Developer
fglock	perl-oak	0	Developer
h_trevisan	perl-oak	0	Developer
itamarc	perl-oak	0	Developer
lanio	perl-oak	0	Developer
lruoso	perl-oak	0	Developer
mosca	perl-oak	0	Developer
motoboi	perl-oak	0	Developer
ruoso	perl-oak	1	Project Manager
sikora	perl-oak	0	Developer
thiloplanz	perl-pad	1	No specific role
dclinton	perlbeans	1	No specific role
mstevens	perlbug	1	Developer
richardf	perlbug	1	No specific role
robrt	perlbug	1	Developer
tgds	perlcomposer	1	Developer
wycc	perlcomposer	1	Developer
fabpot	perlcpn	0	Developer
torvald	perlcpn	1	No specific role
ramtops	perlexception	1	No specific role
djantzen	perlforjava	1	No specific role
icmf3	perlforjava	1	Developer
bekkirene	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
scottp	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
shlomif	perlmeme-org	0	Developer
simontaylor	perlmeme-org	1	Project Manager
perltidy	perltidy	1	No specific role
rkiesling	perltkextra	1	No specific role
adamspiers	perlunit	1	Developer
ba22a	perlunit	1	No specific role
cayte	perlunit	1	No specific role
clemburg	perlunit	1	Developer
jefritz	perlunit	1	No specific role
mca-gdl	perlunit	0	Developer
mca1001	perlunit	1	Developer
pdcawley	perlunit	1	Developer
zhon	perlunit	1	No specific role
nomagic	permission-base	1	No specific role
crichey	permissionsniff	1	No specific role
jamorgan	permissionsniff	1	Developer
cbutzke	perpetuum-sm	1	No specific role
amecky	perpojo	1	No specific role
skerritt	persevere	1	No specific role
ghasemkiani	persiancalendar	1	No specific role
mahdiit	persiantools	1	No specific role
mattj65816	persistant	1	No specific role
adarovsky	persistence	1	No specific role
kriszyp	persistentjs	1	No specific role
icecold2010	persistentqueue	1	No specific role
diego_zanga	personalaccess	1	Project Manager
rjohnsto	personaldb	1	No specific role
grimsell	perspective	1	No specific role
cyberlynx	petel	1	No specific role
geraldb	petra	1	Project Manager
ilits	petra	0	Developer
vamp201	petra	1	No specific role
ara_e_w	petsoar	0	Developer
baldree	petsoar	1	Developer
cybermike	petsoar	0	Developer
joeretro	petsoar	1	Project Manager
paul-h	petsoar	1	Developer
rickardoberg	petsoar	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	petty	1	No specific role
cobia	pfcpp	0	Developer
lazarius	pfcpp	1	Project Manager
super-lloyd	pfct4net	1	No specific role
jhanna777	pfex	0	Developer
nlbunder	pfex	1	Project Manager
sdodell	pfl	1	No specific role
joecode	pfoundation	0	Developer
kyledawkins	pfoundation	1	Developer
simo1971	pgcl	1	No specific role
babajaga	pgettext	1	No specific role
opdecoder	pgmrcalc	1	No specific role
abisma	phantarei	1	No specific role
aefimov	phantom-common	1	Developer
yrakitin	phantom-common	0	Developer
brettryan	phersistence	1	No specific role
garzol	phimatex	1	No specific role
jbesnard	phimatex	0	Developer
oprgag	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
riduidel	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
true_garzol	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
gerry4u	phloc-logging	0	Developer
p_h	phloc-logging	1	Project Manager
costra	phlxr	0	Developer
cynicz	phlxr	1	No specific role
inqbus	phlxr	0	Web Designer
noradcrew	phoenixams	0	Developer
rmpp	phoenixams	1	Project Manager
jtaylor1126	phoenixdev	1	Developer
dennis56	phoenixz	0	Developer
phoenixz	phoenixz	1	Project Manager
thereckter	phoenixz	0	No specific role
voicent	phone-survey	1	No specific role
iakovz	phontonmm	1	No specific role
jdhildeb	phormation	1	No specific role
nokes	phormation	1	Developer
nordkyn	phormation	0	Developer
hschlen	phost-contrib	0	Developer
jsedano	phost-contrib	0	Developer
lastberserker	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
mauritsvanrees	phost-contrib	0	Developer
nto	phost-contrib	0	Developer
pw5	phost-contrib	0	Developer
rhjennings	phost-contrib	0	Developer
soronthar	phost-contrib	0	Developer
streu	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
cozman	photon	1	No specific role
stevenjackson	photon	0	Tester
olau	photoshopy	0	Tester
schleiermacher	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
towi	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
binar10	php-clamavlib	1	No specific role
reptiler	php-classes	1	No specific role
bumbler	php-fusebox	1	No specific role
erkie	php-fusebox	1	Project Manager
gislersoft	php-generics	1	No specific role
dnfeitosa	php-glade	1	No specific role
jeremy_nelson	php-logger	1	Developer
jodunni1	php-logger	1	No specific role
stigbakken	php-mode	0	Developer
turadg	php-mode	1	Project Manager
strimo	php-ms-demangle	1	No specific role
php-osma	php-osma	1	No specific role
mukembo	php-ruby	1	No specific role
kuni_pm9	php-screw	1	No specific role
su1d	php-templates	1	All-Hands Person
ut0pia	php-tk	1	No specific role
fhnmor21	php-wfw	1	No specific role
phpwalter	php-yacs	1	Project Manager
vanmer	php-yacs	1	Developer
aarre	php2py	1	No specific role
fletch	php3-xslt	1	No specific role
zelphyr	php4js	1	No specific role
bergmann	php4ue	1	No specific role
scorched	php4ue	0	Developer
a-otto	php4win32	1	Developer
d_beu	php4win32	1	Developer
greatunknown	phpabstract	1	No specific role
mahasak	phpappserver	1	No specific role
activesphere	phpas	1	Project Manager
chris_schneider	phpautodoc	1	Developer
mdaenzer	phpautodoc	1	Project Manager
smueller	phpautodoc	0	Developer
odcm	phpawstats	1	Project Manager
mathieu9512	phpbase	1	No specific role
dualfusion	phpbbdevs	1	No specific role
cussuol	phpbbmantis	0	Developer
poyntesm	phpbbmantis	1	Developer
afterlife69	phpbbproject	1	Developer
lord_le_brand	phpbbproject	1	Project Manager
phpbbmodders	phpbbproject	1	Developer
farazdagi	phpblib	1	Project Manager
plugin	phpblib	0	Developer
bcurtis	phpbt	1	All-Hands Person
brycen	phpbt	0	No specific role
eyal_zvi	phpbt	0	Developer
firma	phpbt	0	Developer
in-fke	phpbt	0	Developer
javyer	phpbt	0	Developer
jpdw	phpbt	0	Developer
kennyt	phpbt	0	Developer
ma_ku	phpbt	0	Developer
mohni	phpbt	0	Developer
mufasa	phpbt	0	Developer
ulferikson	phpbt	0	Developer
illuminatedwax	phpcached	1	No specific role
brad_fears	phpcodecabinet	1	Project Manager
gogogadgetscott	phpcodecabinet	0	Developer
arimicci	phpcomdb	1	No specific role
cybot_tm	phpdatetime	1	No specific role
dorgon	phpdavinci	1	Project Manager
ctx2002	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
jdaumde	phpdbedittk	1	No specific role
jli018	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
merbst	phpdbinstall	1	No specific role
nirvani	phpdevtools	1	No specific role
timetrack	phpdoc	1	No specific role
ulf_wendel	phpdoc	1	No specific role
oxygen77	phpdocmaker	1	Project Manager
rapine	phpdocmaker	0	Developer
ledjon	phpdocsearch	1	No specific role
grisu	phpdocserver	1	No specific role
peejeh	phpdoctor	1	No specific role
srausch	phpdoctor	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
daf111	phpdocutron	0	Developer
lrargerich	phpdocutron	1	No specific role
jmsanchez	phpdocwriter	1	Developer
sgaffga	phpdox	1	Project Manager
gagneet	phpdts	1	Developer
buennagel	phpduploc	1	No specific role
cedricgirard	phpduploc	0	No specific role
jon-bangoid	phpduploc	0	No specific role
hakukaji	phpdynatree	0	Developer
kkemp102294	phpdynatree	1	Developer
tibbons	phpdynatree	0	Developer
axelcl	phpeclipse	1	Developer
bananeweizen	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
bijugopinath	phpeclipse	0	Developer
blakewatters	phpeclipse	0	Developer
blakeyez	phpeclipse	0	Distributor/Promoter
choochter	phpeclipse	0	Developer
cperkonig	phpeclipse	0	Developer
dizmo	phpeclipse	1	Developer
durel_b	phpeclipse	0	Developer
dynamike2000	phpeclipse	0	Developer
emann	phpeclipse	0	Developer
future_wave	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
fvicente	phpeclipse	0	Developer
ganesha_sf	phpeclipse	0	Developer
gmega	phpeclipse	0	Developer
greenboxx	phpeclipse	0	Developer
gtonic	phpeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
hannonhill	phpeclipse	1	Web Designer
incastrix	phpeclipse	0	Developer
kpouer	phpeclipse	0	Developer
mbecker_kassel	phpeclipse	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
njd-	phpeclipse	0	Developer
pombredanne	phpeclipse	1	Developer
ralfe	phpeclipse	0	Developer
rdekenah	phpeclipse	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
robekras	phpeclipse	0	Developer
samage	phpeclipse	0	Developer
samjoseph	phpeclipse	0	Developer
samson_	phpeclipse	0	Developer
scorphus	phpeclipse	0	Developer
sf_nimrod	phpeclipse	0	Developer
shleh	phpeclipse	0	Developer
stefanbjarni	phpeclipse	0	Developer
thorstenj	phpeclipse	0	Developer
toshihiro	phpeclipse	0	Developer
virtualmice	phpeclipse	1	Doc Writer
walsleben	phpeclipse	1	Developer
weconsultants	phpeclipse	0	No specific role
werner_krauss	phpeclipse	0	Tester
yuvilio	phpeclipse	0	Developer
arnold81	phpexplorator	0	No specific role
tchouamoueric	phpexplorator	1	Project Manager
armel	phpfaqtory	1	Project Manager
oportier	phpfaqtory	0	Developer
efranceschi	phpfast	1	Developer
damonkohler	phpfop	1	No specific role
webguide	phpftp-net	1	Developer
eryx	phpfunc	1	No specific role
dcech	phpgacl	0	Developer
ipso	phpgacl	1	No specific role
sphen001	phpgamedev	1	Project Manager
asclabs	phpgl	1	No specific role
andrewm1	phpgroupworks	1	Developer
darkking-	phpgroupworks	0	Developer
edgar_ocampo1	phpgroupworks	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
johnydoe	phpgroupworks	1	All-Hands Person
shanforest	phpgroupworks	0	Doc Writer
dr_of_chaos	phpgtkbuilder	1	No specific role
phac	phpguardian	1	No specific role
jrtwolski	phpgwpl	1	No specific role
tkgkp	phpgwpl	0	Developer
tlu	phpgwpl	0	Project Manager
moojoo	phphtmlreskit	1	No specific role
scotepi	phpinstall	1	No specific role
schlundus	phpjsregexptool	1	No specific role
mshaffer	phpkas	1	No specific role
zinzan	phpl7	1	No specific role
te2	phplangadmin	0	Developer
theghost19	phplangadmin	1	Project Manager
jgrivsky	phplet	0	Developer
lucamar	phplet	1	No specific role
qkfeto	phplet	0	Developer
rgittens	phplet	0	Developer
chanlo	phplib	0	Developer
chaska	phplib	1	Developer
eyrie	phplib	0	Project Manager
gdesclaux	phplib	0	No specific role
joestewart	phplib	0	Developer
layne_weathers	phplib	0	All-Hands Person
macmaster	phplib	0	Developer
mavrekh	phplib	0	No specific role
mderk	phplib	0	Developer
nhruby	phplib	1	All-Hands Person
richardarcher	phplib	1	Developer
swensenj	phplib	0	Developer
tarique	phplib	0	Developer
ulf_wendel	phplib	0	No specific role
zbiru	phplib	0	Developer
kaikl	phplibex	1	Project Manager
zersenser	phplogfacility	1	No specific role
phplusadmin	phplus	1	All-Hands Person
hanomalia	phpmanticore	1	No specific role
aaff	phpmedia	0	No specific role
beto-bl	phpmedia	0	No specific role
mballesteros	phpmedia	0	No specific role
phpwiz2	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
soywiz	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
barrydit	phpmini	1	No specific role
blomma	phpmode	1	No specific role
alan_k	phpmole-ide	1	No specific role
andrei	phpmole-ide	1	Developer
floripa	phpmole-ide	0	Developer
s-maxim	phpmole-ide	0	No specific role
chiefmonkey	phpmxdb	0	Developer
maehdros	phpmxdb	1	Developer
rawveg	phpmxdb	1	Project Manager
loufoque	phpmybot	1	No specific role
mastaflex	phpmychangelog	0	No specific role
tron21net	phpmychangelog	1	Project Manager
nybble	phpmydoc	1	No specific role
silverfang	phpmygame	1	No specific role
idanii	phpmyirc	1	No specific role
ckvsoft	phpmywebhosting	1	Project Manager
gandresgonzalez	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
giuseppep	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jurbobro	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
konczer	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lylix	phpmywebhosting	0	Developer
rafael_winter	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
udomueller	phpmywebhosting	1	Project Manager
anter	phpmyxtree	1	No specific role
timmyg	phpocketknife	1	Project Manager
craigmj	phpolait	1	No specific role
eutychus	phpolait	0	Developer
benoitc	phppbx	1	No specific role
bouf10	phpquebec	1	Developer
pcaron	phpquebec	1	No specific role
mitija	phpreportlib	1	Project Manager
mlie	phpreportlib	1	No specific role
verot	phpreportlib	1	All-Hands Person
kir	phpruslib	1	No specific role
liberic	phpscriptlet	1	No specific role
ak65535	phpseed	0	Developer
evanz_d	phpseed	1	Project Manager
thenux	phpserial	1	No specific role
psim	phpsim	1	Project Manager
iutin	phpskel	1	Project Manager
ivanwhirix	phpskel	0	Developer
subach	phpskel	1	Project Manager
saloon12yrd	phpsloc	1	No specific role
elhombregris	phpsmacl	1	Developer
pacmaslargo	phpsmacl	0	Developer
meebey	phpsmartirc	1	Project Manager
amisharmadillo	phpstep	0	Developer
sqlboy	phpstep	1	No specific role
piersk	phpsupportboard	1	Project Manager
mirrorbox	phptags	1	No specific role
tellini	phptalext	1	No specific role
cybot_tm	phptimesheet	1	Project Manager
holje	phptmapi	1	No specific role
ivarabon	phptmapi	0	Developer
joschmidt	phptmapi	1	Developer
tillk	phptoolkit	1	Developer
g_toastman	phpunitcookbook	1	No specific role
kuroko	phpvortex	0	Developer
nop144666	phpvortex	1	No specific role
brindy	phpwage	1	No specific role
jamesbondpg	phpwe	0	No specific role
s4u	phpwe	1	Project Manager
dashohoxha	phpwebapp	1	Developer
freealter	phpwebmin	1	Project Manager
ldrolez	phpwebmin	1	Developer
bdenis	phpwheelform	1	No specific role
mehdid	phpxbuilder	1	Developer
dviner	phpxindice	1	Developer
khward	phpxindice	1	Project Manager
mattberry	phpxmlrep	1	No specific role
timmyg	phpxmltools	1	All-Hands Person
xeno42	phpxref	1	No specific role
davejb	physicslib	1	No specific role
falcasquad	pic-dev	1	Unix Admin
joy3k	pic-dev	0	Developer
nitro83	pic18fusb	1	No specific role
jade	picalog	1	No specific role
fritzone	pici-nms	1	No specific role
jesjones	picom	1	No specific role
mihai_preda	picostorage	1	No specific role
pmueller	picotk	0	No specific role
tgkamp	picotk	1	No specific role
bokic	picprog	1	No specific role
azhyd	piklab	1	Project Manager
mhier	pilib	1	No specific role
sephius	pillar-sdk	1	No specific role
breidecker	pillow	1	No specific role
moatas	pilotjfc	1	No specific role
aspinall	pilrcedit	1	Project Manager
stretch	pilrcedit	1	No specific role
compostella	pim4j	1	No specific role
christophdorn	pinf	1	Developer
joshuadfranklin	pinfo	1	No specific role
pini-pini	pini-pini	1	No specific role
intacto	pintact	1	No specific role
alfeller	pipe2	0	Developer
bmk06	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
corveau	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
ctm06	pipe2	1	Project Manager
jmc98	pipe2	0	Developer
maximzhao	pipe2	0	Developer
mjw106	pipe2	1	Developer
mrc103	pipe2	1	Developer
na04	pipe2	1	Developer
patterd	pipe2	1	Developer
pk903	pipe2	1	Developer
tk106	pipe2	1	Developer
willemaster	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
wilzo1	pipe2	1	Project Manager
xsc02	pipe2	1	Developer
john_markh	pipex	1	No specific role
makaron	pippyextras	1	No specific role
qylox	pippyextras	1	All-Hands Person
fbellier	piproject	1	Project Manager
prioux	pirobject	1	No specific role
miller_m	piru	1	No specific role
jhermann	pirxx	1	No specific role
ekovanci	pisibul	0	Web Designer
erenturkay	pisibul	0	Web Designer
ikesen	pisibul	0	Developer
jnmbk	pisibul	1	Project Manager
usta	pisibul	0	Developer
epn	pithreads	1	No specific role
bvgastel	pitoolkit	1	No specific role
grimdel	pixcon	1	No specific role
birosp	pixel-team	1	Developer
daniel-ocean	pixel-team	1	Developer
mix-r	pixel-team	1	No specific role
titcar	pixel-team	1	Project Manager
wezzy2k	pixide	1	No specific role
reddaemon	piy	0	Doc Writer
vivash	piy	1	All-Hands Person
tea_man	pjda	1	No specific role
alperoze	pl-ray	1	No specific role
rrm3	plain-gnome	1	No specific role
javierpb	plaindb	1	No specific role
nchalumeau	plan-heure	1	Developer
c0diq	platinum	1	No specific role
carmello	platonos	1	Project Manager
kevin-duffey	platonos	1	Project Manager
altumano	pldoc	1	Project Manager
cieslik	pldoc	0	Developer
dvoytenko	pldoc	0	No specific role
gpaulissen	pldoc	0	No specific role
soltesz_andras	pldoc	0	Developer
toche_	pldoc	0	Developer
t_schaedler	pldoc	0	No specific role
rconner	plexus	1	No specific role
alex_nanou	pli	1	No specific role
dyatel	pli	0	Developer
gennady_kovalev	pli	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bronc94583	plinko	1	No specific role
pljones	plj-simpe	1	All-Hands Person
flatpredator	plog	1	No specific role
palotas	plossum	1	No specific role
phlambert	plsql-reports	1	No specific role
astahlhut	plstrutsit	0	Developer
euklid	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
manfredwolff	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
martinspiller	plstrutsit	0	Developer
paulperkins	pocketpctools	1	No specific role
garyniu	pockit	1	No specific role
slashzero	podcrappr	1	No specific role
adamkennedy	poe	0	Developer
apocal	poe	0	Developer
arthurbergman	poe	0	Developer
bingosnet	poe	0	Developer
bizb	poe	0	Developer
bsmith	poe	0	Developer
cwest	poe	0	Developer
hachi	poe	0	Developer
immute	poe	0	Developer
lotr	poe	0	Developer
nwilliams	poe	0	Developer
rcaputo	poe	1	No specific role
sungo	poe	0	Developer
tarrantsun	poe	0	Developer
teknikill	poe	0	Developer
aalam	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
acid_jack	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chombium	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ctavano	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
documan	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hansfn	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
huftis	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jmilorad	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lazarus_long	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
luebbe	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
obones	poedit	0	Developer
pinotree	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
pynoos	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
stefpet	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
vaclavslavik	poedit	1	Developer
bergla	pogled	1	No specific role
cotp	poisonx	1	Developer
mivabe	poisonx	1	Developer
theeggman	poisonx	1	Project Manager
rcpsamples	pojoeditorrcp	1	No specific role
clyde	pokea	0	No specific role
fprog	pokea	1	No specific role
h_malhot	pokea	0	No specific role
j_isber	pokea	0	No specific role
m_eljayo	pokea	0	No specific role
n_fourni	pokea	1	No specific role
eswanson	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
kadmos	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
khael	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
longobord	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
madmanatw	pol-doc-devel	1	Developer
racalac	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
rykard	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
speka	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
beleta	polux	1	No specific role
sticksoftware	polyglot	1	No specific role
phelps	polyglotman	1	No specific role
nanoage	pom	0	Developer
poirchr	pom	1	No specific role
sidhrav	pom	0	Project Manager
amb26	ponderutil	1	No specific role
jca71	pontneuf	1	Developer
mitch64	pontneuf	1	No specific role
knothead	ponyexpress	0	Developer
larimerd	ponyexpress	1	No specific role
nixel	ponyexpress	0	Web Designer
huyd	poolit	1	No specific role
sasha-m	pop	1	No specific role
tutamuniz	popauth	1	No specific role
lack	pord	1	No specific role
anusandhan	port-access	1	No specific role
vic_mx	port21	1	No specific role
poopi	port4ever	1	No specific role
aperezbios	portabilitykit	1	No specific role
ereinecke	portabilitykit	0	No specific role
paploo	portabilitykit	0	No specific role
critternyc	portablenvu	1	No specific role
chris_a_thomas	portableprogram	1	No specific role
johanl	portbase	1	No specific role
catzor	portitizer	1	No specific role
clintond	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
documentum	portlet-opensrc	1	Editorial/Content Writer
fubini	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
johnpusey	portlet-opensrc	0	Tester
kongxx	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
lannin	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
plumtree	portlet-opensrc	1	Project Manager
postsite	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
post_site	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
sallamar	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
aage	poshmodule	0	Developer
kjetilja	poshmodule	0	Developer
steffenv	poshmodule	1	Project Manager
daniel_robert	posit	0	Developer
dannerr	posit	1	Developer
naorlss	posit	1	Developer
jmzh	posix	1	No specific role
adam_liyi	posixtest	0	Developer
bliu	posixtest	0	Developer
crystal_xiong	posixtest	0	Developer
elvafu	posixtest	1	Project Manager
gustafson	posixtest	0	Project Manager
inaky	posixtest	0	Developer
jmarchan	posixtest	0	Developer
jnfleisc	posixtest	1	No specific role
lingyu	posixtest	1	Developer
majidawad	posixtest	0	Developer
rolla	posixtest	1	Project Manager
rustyl	posixtest	0	Developer
sdecugis	posixtest	0	Developer
sunyi	posixtest	0	Developer
sysearty	posixtest	0	Developer
jtajta2002	postmansort	1	No specific role
acm3	postnukedevpack	1	Developer
isaac_golding	postnukedevpack	1	All-Hands Person
mvrhov	potranslator	1	No specific role
dwightwilson	pounder	0	Developer
nimdok	pounder	1	Developer
saunup	pounder	0	Graphic/Other Designer
farnea	pow2toolkit	1	Developer
foxat	pow2toolkit	1	No specific role
abdulrazaq	powercell	1	No specific role
richard_lyle	powerfile	1	No specific role
garysteinmetz	powerfolder	1	Project Manager
gopalakrishna	powerfolder	0	No specific role
hammondhui	powerfolder	0	Developer
huihammond	powerfolder	0	Developer
jwin1	powerfolder	0	Developer
roychoye	powerfolder	0	Developer
powerobjectcms	powerobjects	1	No specific role
bruce_armstrong	powerprinter	0	Developer
rkiesler	powerprinter	1	Developer
s-1-0-0	powerprinter	1	No specific role
poogle	powertemplate	1	No specific role
alex-flint	prado	0	Developer
carlgm	prado	0	Developer
equinoxe	prado	0	Support Technician
jasrags	prado	1	Project Manager
morsy	prado	0	Developer
qiangxue	prado	1	No specific role
rggonzalez	prado	0	Developer
tanus	prado	0	Developer
weizhuo	prado	1	Developer
wkonkel	prado	0	Developer
heraldo	pragmatico	1	Project Manager
pragmatico	pragmatico	1	No specific role
robert_kuzelj	pragmatico	1	Developer
krinke	praktomat	1	Developer
mstoerzer	praktomat	1	Developer
zeller	praktomat	1	Developer
dobrikov	pranka	1	Editorial/Content Writer
dstaykov	pranka	0	Developer
grafini	pranka	0	Developer
haralambiev	pranka	1	Unix Admin
hristost	pranka	0	Developer
kdaskalova	pranka	1	Project Manager
krasimir1234	pranka	0	Developer
krdobrev	pranka	1	No specific role
krivia	pranka	0	Developer
muxozavar	pranka	0	Developer
nakov	pranka	1	Project Manager
olgamyst	pranka	0	Developer
stanchost	pranka	0	Developer
todor1	pranka	1	Project Manager
zhelio1234	pranka	0	Developer
dozz	prass	1	All-Hands Person
fabienillide	prass	0	Editorial/Content Writer
holywombat	prass	0	Developer
sahaj	prass	0	Developer
andimei	preclipse	0	Developer
bansheetl	preclipse	0	Developer
pmayer	preclipse	1	Project Manager
sushi_78	preclipse	0	Developer
jppietsch	prefedit	1	All-Hands Person
sjoerd_bakker	prefeditgui	1	No specific role
mbaudier	prenzl	1	Project Manager
ocapillon	prenzl	1	Project Manager
stuffle	preps	1	No specific role
cavac	preselib	1	No specific role
cbiette	presto	0	Developer
julienito	presto	0	Developer
klauswuestefeld	presto	1	Project Manager
leecho	presto	0	Developer
nodari	presto	1	Project Manager
simbian	presto	0	Developer
tirsen	presto	0	Developer
gregerohlson	prevalence	1	No specific role
niklasb	prevalence	1	Developer
dvorme	prevayler	0	Developer
hsoares	prevayler	0	Developer
jacobk	prevayler	0	Developer
jsampson	prevayler	1	Project Manager
klauswuestefeld	prevayler	1	Project Manager
leecho	prevayler	0	Developer
nodari	prevayler	0	Developer
tirsen	prevayler	0	Developer
int32	prima-p5	1	No specific role
mnaik	priscilla	1	No specific role
matthias_herp	privaccessor	0	Doc Writer
sebidietrich	privaccessor	1	No specific role
wbeebe	prj-champollion	1	No specific role
anguilla	prjtool	1	No specific role
mauricioperez	prkmanager	1	No specific role
dthoma	prngcollection	1	No specific role
decryption	probabilitygen	1	Developer
encryption	probabilitygen	1	No specific role
hisfurness	problomatic	0	No specific role
stiegld	problomatic	1	No specific role
joshr	proc-nicesleep	1	All-Hands Person
merry_way	processclass	1	No specific role
abartlett	processdash	0	Developer
amayan	processdash	0	No specific role
bypedd	processdash	0	Developer
cmtolleson	processdash	0	Developer
cnagata	processdash	0	Developer
despil	processdash	0	Developer
ken_raisor	processdash	1	No specific role
pad33	processdash	0	No specific role
rickreynolds	processdash	0	No specific role
rognon	processdash	0	No specific role
tuma	processdash	1	Developer
benfry	processing	1	No specific role
fjen	processing	0	Tester
fli	processing	0	Developer
reas	processing	1	No specific role
sgreenwold	processing	0	No specific role
tom_carden	processing	0	Tester
toxmeister	processing	0	No specific role
crsadun	processmonitor	1	No specific role
emvy	procfsutils	1	No specific role
kraades	prodbk	1	No specific role
aganapat	produlus	1	No specific role
jorvis	produlus	1	No specific role
troy_melhase	profitpy	1	No specific role
bschalck	profnote	1	No specific role
bstobart	progect	0	Requirements Engineering
burgbach	progect	1	Developer
bwinton	progect	0	Developer
dannyzeng	progect	0	Developer
juddrogers	progect	1	Developer
rick_price	progect	1	Developer
rwhitby	progect	0	No specific role
scottydvt	progect	0	Developer
hajdam	progjazy	1	No specific role
adeel79	prograde	0	Developer
bhimpfen	prograde	1	Project Manager
fletch15	prograde	0	Developer
ivangum	prograde	0	No specific role
jyothi_sunke	prograde	0	Developer
kalinga	prograde	0	Developer
komodo_anaconda	prograde	0	Developer
kondakrishna	prograde	0	Developer
nigel_brown	prograde	0	Developer
nkasuganti	prograde	0	Developer
phenderson27	prograde	0	Developer
pointejb	prograde	0	Developer
scrooyoo	prograde	0	Developer
sgspencer50	prograde	0	Developer
shiv123	prograde	0	Developer
skkosanam	prograde	0	No specific role
tdkoll	prograde	0	Developer
victormaoh	prograde	0	Developer
andriess	programanalysis	0	No specific role
borisboesler	programanalysis	0	No specific role
melcher	programanalysis	0	All-Hands Person
sourcebaer	programanalysis	1	No specific role
evren	programlama	1	No specific role
jaiq	programlama	1	No specific role
kephrenz	programlama	1	No specific role
jyapu	programx	1	No specific role
ddegroot	progress2xls	1	Project Manager
lierojoh	progress2xls	0	All-Hands Person
mahendra	progress2xls	0	Developer
mail2sivakumar	progress2xls	0	Developer
mog1	progress2xls	0	Developer
mogambo	progress2xls	0	Developer
sanjus	progress2xls	0	Developer
uscompsa	progress2xls	0	Developer
smurfd	project-monkey	1	No specific role
markflatischler	project-status	1	No specific role
leghk	projectapollo	1	No specific role
munerot	projectarchit	1	Project Manager
joe_fish	projectb	1	No specific role
mr_goodwin	projectb	1	No specific role
philipx	projectbench	1	No specific role
dietmars	projectbutler	1	No specific role
froehler	projectbutler	1	Developer
japh	projectbutler	1	No specific role
koppelhuber	projectbutler	0	No specific role
pitt	projectbutler	0	No specific role
devcybiko	projectcybiko	1	No specific role
darksnow	projecteditor	1	No specific role
antoniogogo	projection	0	Developer
jgongo	projection	1	Project Manager
nar6mm	projection	0	Requirements Engineering
tangsc	projection	1	Project Manager
beckmi	projectjedi	1	Project Manager
mthoma	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
peter3	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
marcduerst	projector	0	Developer
opusadmin	projector	1	Project Manager
peoopus	projector	1	Project Manager
superhausi	projector	1	No specific role
bantik	projectory	1	No specific role
maciejr	projects-briefc	1	No specific role
gerbier	projinfo	1	No specific role
ekim_yar	projman	0	Doc Writer
krogoth2	projman	1	All-Hands Person
lynosull	projman	0	Developer
bramadams	prologdoc	1	No specific role
cmungall	prologdoc	0	No specific role
kdschutt	prologdoc	0	No specific role
sfandino	prologdoc	0	Developer
bwaters	promanager	1	No specific role
edsonmedina	promanager	0	No specific role
fdbird	promanager	1	Project Manager
svvto	promanager	0	No specific role
tharju	pronetha	1	Developer
lasa	propane	1	No specific role
sou-m	propedit	1	No specific role
toyinakinlaja	propertybinding	1	No specific role
edouard_mercier	propertyexplore	1	Developer
pedro_cristian	propertyexplore	1	No specific role
santoshb	propertymanager	1	No specific role
russell_morris	propertytree	1	No specific role
fierensyves	propertyviewer	1	Project Manager
nightstorm	propmgr	1	No specific role
pbloemendaal	propobjs	1	No specific role
ahs3	prospect	0	Developer
mudbone	prospect	0	Developer
type2	prospect	1	Project Manager
jonrssll	prosperapi	1	No specific role
johnallengreen	prostyle	1	Project Manager
judyhg	prostyle	1	No specific role
jurjen	prostyle	1	No specific role
schaller	protofuzz	1	All-Hands Person
nate	protomatter	1	No specific role
adamkennedy	proton-ce	0	Developer
blm	proton-ce	0	Developer
derjoni	proton-ce	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jenne22	proton-ce	0	Graphic/Other Designer
pfuschi	proton-ce	0	Developer
sir_lichtkind	proton-ce	1	Project Manager
techcode_net	proton-ce	0	Developer
echoprog	protonium	1	No specific role
danielpontello	protontoolkit	1	No specific role
shiflett	protoscope	1	Project Manager
semfind	prototypewidget	1	No specific role
agibbs1	protrak	1	Graphic/Other Designer
alavelle	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
fgarcia2	protrak	1	Doc Writer
marbenitez	protrak	1	Developer
ogodinez	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
spencer_koy	protrak	1	Requirements Engineering
jayclassless	providerfactory	1	No specific role
fperezpa	providers	1	Developer
ggallo	providers	0	Developer
gmeyer1604	providers	1	No specific role
namorrortu	providers	1	Developer
michaelman	prowser	1	Developer
betanik	proxool	0	Developer
billhorsman	proxool	1	No specific role
brenuart	proxool	0	Developer
chr32	proxool	0	Developer
gards	proxool	0	Developer
musicstar	proxool	0	Developer
chousz	proxyj	1	No specific role
jormuocu	proyectocree	1	No specific role
demian0311	prysm	1	No specific role
ggarside	py-cctype	1	Developer
gbrunet	py-dbase	1	No specific role
csm-101	py-universe	0	Developer
gbay	py-universe	0	Project Manager
jmacy	py-universe	0	Developer
jstrout	py-universe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lalo	py-universe	0	Developer
rdmurray	py-universe	0	Developer
thancock	py-universe	1	Content Management
zigguratt	py-universe	0	Developer
romeu_pieritz	pyaalib	1	No specific role
sch	pyacad	1	Project Manager
codon	pyaes	1	No specific role
cl4ud10	pyagend	1	No specific role
dcohen	pyagent	1	Project Manager
dmakogon	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
dougfort	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
jgriffin716	pyagent	1	Developer
agriggio	pyallegro	1	Developer
akx	pyallegro	1	Project Manager
elias	pyallegro	0	Developer
gradha	pyallegro	1	Developer
jmtapio	pyallegro	1	Developer
zorder	pyalog	1	No specific role
chodorowski	pyaros	1	Project Manager
falemagn	pyaros	0	Developer
e078120	pyawk	1	No specific role
raghuprasad	pybackend	1	No specific role
yuriy_levchenko	pybind	1	No specific role
bwarsaw	pybsddb	0	Developer
greg	pybsddb	1	Developer
itamar	pybsddb	0	Developer
merel	pybsddb	0	Developer
robind	pybsddb	1	Project Manager
htgoebel	pycalendar	1	No specific role
jr31	pycamelot	1	No specific role
kangounator	pycamelot	1	Project Manager
sro	pycddb	1	No specific role
lawson89	pycdk	1	No specific role
necoro	pycdk	1	Project Manager
dmakovey	pycli	1	No specific role
franzg	pyclips	1	Project Manager
fossie	pyconfigfile	1	No specific role
gangesmaster	pyconstruct	1	No specific role
pieronne	pyconstruct	0	Developer
cnoviello	pycrash	1	No specific role
micahgeek	pydar	1	No specific role
atotic	pydev	1	No specific role
fabioz	pydev	1	Project Manager
seanlh	pydev	0	Developer
rclbelem	pydistcc	1	No specific role
gisbertamm	pydtddoc	1	Project Manager
jhermann	pydtddoc	0	Developer
larsga	pydtddoc	0	Developer
cyke64	pyed	1	No specific role
revolvevolution	pyeditce	1	No specific role
tjwarren	pyedlin	1	No specific role
rynklly	pyenchant	1	No specific role
nhead	pyerlbridge	1	No specific role
ryan_rousseau	pyflickr	1	No specific role
ryan	pygconf	1	No specific role
brentsimpson	pygecko	0	No specific role
matiu	pygecko	1	No specific role
aronacher	pygments	1	Developer
gbrandl	pygments	1	No specific role
preisl	pygnome-tools	1	No specific role
god7i11a	pygoldmine	1	Developer
pobrien	pygoldmine	1	No specific role
cavada	pygtkmvc	1	Project Manager
catsick	pyhasp	1	No specific role
emarocca	pyhl7	1	No specific role
scanepa	pyhl7	1	Developer
johnw42	pyinterface	1	No specific role
mcfletch	pyjtf	1	Project Manager
phansen	pyjtf	1	No specific role
david_depry	pylaszlo	1	No specific role
balinares	pylgrim	1	No specific role
luca_picci	pylib3d	1	Developer
nelson1977	pylib3d	1	No specific role
mccabe	pylirc	1	No specific role
acidbase	pymaemo	1	Project Manager
lucianomw	pymaemo	1	Developer
rodarvus	pymaemo	0	Developer
ruda	pymaemo	0	Developer
dleary	pymetamod	1	No specific role
ghum	pymonitor	0	Developer
jonsv322	pymonitor	1	Project Manager
alexgs	pymorph	0	Developer
andresaude	pymorph	1	Project Manager
robertolotufo	pymorph	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rubensmachado	pymorph	1	All-Hands Person
radian	pymousetrap	1	No specific role
gosselin_a	pympy	1	No specific role
akukula	pymssql	1	Project Manager
alito	pymssql	1	Developer
exman	pymssql	1	Project Manager
franzg	pynds	1	No specific role
hjertnes	pynotesys	1	No specific role
tso	pynum2word	1	No specific role
bbum	pyobjc	1	No specific role
dinu_gherman	pyobjc	0	Tester
dsposx	pyobjc	0	No specific role
etrepum	pyobjc	1	All-Hands Person
jackjansen	pyobjc	0	Developer
jvr	pyobjc	0	Developer
ronaldoussoren	pyobjc	1	Developer
sdm7g	pyobjc	1	No specific role
zbir	pyobjc	0	No specific role
mathematician	pyobjfs	1	No specific role
dkleehammer	pyodbc	1	Developer
jdoran	pyodbc	1	Developer
mkleehammer	pyodbc	1	Developer
bhartshorn	pyode	0	No specific role
broehl	pyode	0	No specific role
glasserc	pyode	0	Developer
mbaas	pyode	1	No specific role
perspex	pyode	1	No specific role
ptmcg	pyparsing	1	No specific role
mbogosian	pypaws	1	No specific role
josiahcarlson	pype	1	No specific role
noah	pypect	1	No specific role
djslim	pypeline	1	No specific role
acapnotic	pypi	0	Developer
akuchling	pypi	1	Project Manager
amk	pypi	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	pypi	0	Developer
camarajm	pypi	0	Developer
fdrake	pypi	0	Developer
jlgijsbers	pypi	0	Developer
loewis	pypi	0	Developer
micktwomey	pypi	0	Developer
richard	pypi	1	No specific role
labrett	pyprc	1	All-Hands Person
markokocic	pyprojs	1	Project Manager
mishra-_-	pypysics	1	No specific role
pck_	pyqt-wrapper	1	No specific role
morrisde	pyrad	1	No specific role
greg_lindstrom	pyrecord	1	No specific role
jakacki	pyroe	1	No specific role
klvon	pysaprfc	1	No specific role
dap24	pysc	1	No specific role
patricioros	pyscin	1	No specific role
dclark	pysdl	1	No specific role
mbaker	pysdl	1	No specific role
alexperry	pyserial	0	Developer
cliechti	pyserial	1	Developer
aguiar	pysnippet	1	No specific role
irvazquez	pysnort	1	No specific role
illume	pysoftwire	1	No specific role
oodoo	pysoftwire	0	No specific role
drink151	pyssh	1	No specific role
mwa	pyssh	1	No specific role
rasjidw	pyssh	1	Project Manager
olav	pyswt	1	No specific role
sesamoid	pytesttools	1	No specific role
ftobin	pythius	1	Developer
jhermann	pythius	1	Project Manager
jjap	pythoj	1	Developer
daniel	python-apt	1	No specific role
mvo	python-apt	1	Developer
philipdumont	python-gtkextra	0	Developer
treeves	python-gtkextra	1	Project Manager
aschauer	python-ldap	0	Developer
davidma	python-ldap	0	No specific role
deepak_giri	python-ldap	0	Developer
jajcus	python-ldap	0	Developer
jlt63	python-ldap	0	Developer
kchuguev	python-ldap	0	Developer
leonard	python-ldap	1	Developer
mhammond	python-ldap	0	Developer
stroeder	python-ldap	1	All-Hands Person
bwarsaw	python-mode	1	No specific role
edloper	python-mode	0	Developer
kbk	python-mode	0	Developer
klm	python-mode	1	Project Manager
montanaro	python-mode	1	Project Manager
kashif_iftikhar	python-utils	1	No specific role
calroc99	python-xlib	1	No specific role
jgardn	python-xlib	0	No specific role
mggrant	python-xlib	1	Developer
moshez	python-xlib	0	No specific role
mtigges	python-xlib	0	No specific role
mwm	python-xlib	1	No specific role
petli	python-xlib	1	No specific role
zampire	python-xlib	1	No specific role
ivazquezabrams	python4c	1	All-Hands Person
abelcodemonk	pythoncard	0	Developer
alextweedly	pythoncard	1	Developer
andy47	pythoncard	1	Developer
danshafer	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
davidmcnab	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
heydan	pythoncard	1	No specific role
kasplat	pythoncard	1	Developer
kwallmar	pythoncard	0	Developer
l2kphil	pythoncard	0	Developer
monkyboy	pythoncard	1	Developer
nyamatongwe	pythoncard	1	Developer
pobrien	pythoncard	0	Developer
rhettinger	pythoncard	0	Developer
robind	pythoncard	1	Developer
phil_schwartz	pythondateutil	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	pythondbo	1	No specific role
jfranz	pythondbo	1	No specific role
ccraig	pythonic	1	Developer
courageous	pythonic	1	No specific role
jkraska	pythonic	1	Developer
brianlloyd	pythonnet	1	Project Manager
g_braad	pythonnet	0	Developer
hardcoded	pythonnet	0	Developer
tiran	pythonnet	0	No specific role
bwinton	pythonpalmdb	1	No specific role
jeffmikels	pythonpalmdb	0	Developer
rick_price	pythonpalmdb	1	No specific role
bkc	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
ssthapa	pythonsiphon	1	No specific role
theller	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
mjfoord	pythonutils	1	No specific role
pooryorick	pythoric	1	No specific role
joshua_worth	pytrilib	1	No specific role
drdivano	pytvision	1	No specific role
zenzen	pytz	1	No specific role
otsov	pyuiq	1	No specific role
purcell	pyunit	1	No specific role
wander_lairson	pyusb	1	No specific role
burgbach	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
deve	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dutoitc	pyut	1	Project Manager
nhamadi	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nicdub	pyut	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pdabrowski	pyut	0	Developer
pwaelti	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
artimage	pyutil	0	Developer
mapcar	pyutil	0	Developer
mccoy	pyutil	0	Developer
myers_carpenter	pyutil	1	No specific role
nejucomo	pyutil	0	Developer
tav	pyutil	0	Developer
zooko	pyutil	1	No specific role
pineapple_liu	pyuuid	1	No specific role
phreakster001	pyvgl	1	Project Manager
shindich	pyweakreference	1	No specific role
blunck2	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
boverhof	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
cmoad	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
eolson	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
fdrake	pywebsvcs	1	No specific role
feanor420	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
irjudson	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
mateo41	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
rsalz	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
sanxiyn	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
tyger23	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
warnes	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
artymiak	pyxhtml	1	No specific role
adewale	pyxmlunit	1	No specific role
tarruella	pyxmlunit	1	No specific role
jtjbrady	pyxntp	1	No specific role
fpierfed	pyxpa	1	Project Manager
npirzkal	pyxpa	1	Developer
yurand	pyxrandr	1	No specific role
dimidroll	q2-engine	0	Developer
nailgunster	q2-engine	1	No specific role
inequation	q3mass	1	All-Hands Person
tpsoftware	q3plugs	1	Developer
abadger1999	qa-assistant	1	No specific role
dpurgin	qaide	1	No specific role
bahgdadc	qaproxy	1	No specific role
dnp607	qat	0	Developer
hirsu	qat	0	Doc Writer
shausle	qat	0	Developer
slowj	qat	0	Developer
webhiker	qat	1	Project Manager
yjoan	qat	0	Developer
abegtrup	qcijutils	0	Developer
doi	qcijutils	0	Developer
evought	qcijutils	1	All-Hands Person
gillparams	qcijutils	0	Developer
hwmeder	qcijutils	1	Developer
mab777	qcijutils	0	No specific role
richard_kurz	qcw-plugin	1	No specific role
scm	qdbttabular	1	No specific role
chsxf	qdevcpp	1	No specific role
shai-hulud	qdlos	1	No specific role
pcauto	qf-objects	1	No specific role
cocoy	qf-utils	0	Developer
francisdobi	qf-utils	1	No specific role
greenfi	qf-utils	0	Developer
kingerfly	qf-utils	0	Developer
ryhzhang	qf-utils	0	Developer
td202	qf-utils	0	Developer
jlbrd	qide	1	No specific role
digiboy86	qlibdos32	1	No specific role
mikew	qmc	1	No specific role
mstrumia	qmmslog	1	No specific role
mlsoft	qmysqledit	1	No specific role
pebek	qnpmag	1	No specific role
kafkafr	qodo	1	No specific role
kybu	qpthread	1	Developer
mwaeckerlin	qpthread	1	No specific role
sdnakhla	qrpc	1	No specific role
iaindb	qscada	1	Unix Admin
poezr	qscada	0	Unix Admin
qtlab	qscada	1	No specific role
alex_bob	qt1l	0	Developer
and1024	qt1l	0	Developer
dionisiy	qt1l	0	Developer
ditrix	qt1l	0	Developer
dkr6	qt1l	1	Analysis / Design
dm-p	qt1l	1	All-Hands Person
dm88	qt1l	0	Developer
gralex1974	qt1l	1	Developer
ti_eugene	qt1l	0	Developer
vinick	qt1l	0	Developer
hereska	qtas	1	No specific role
squx	qtas	0	Developer
mschulze_99	qtcharpoly	1	No specific role
scottn	qtinformix	1	No specific role
ecc2	qtjava	1	Developer
rdale	qtjava	1	Developer
octodon	qtlog	1	No specific role
irfanhab	qtmd5summer	1	No specific role
fabioroger	qtprevayler	1	No specific role
ahuser	qtwin	0	Developer
atomice	qtwin	1	Project Manager
brondsem	qtwin	1	Project Manager
chehrlic	qtwin	1	Developer
habacker	qtwin	1	Project Manager
hap0	qtwin	0	No specific role
gianvz	quadris	1	No specific role
coderjoe	quake	0	Developer
deek	quake	1	Project Manager
despair	quake	1	Project Manager
elmex	quake	0	Doc Writer
jaq37h	quake	0	Developer
lordhavoc	quake	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
misty-chan	quake	0	Tester
omnibus	quake	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
serplord	quake	0	No specific role
snax	quake	0	No specific role
taniwha	quake	1	Project Manager
tonik	quake	0	No specific role
wildcode	quake	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
zoid	quake	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pdima	quantaplus	1	Developer
smga3000	quantaplus	0	Distributor/Promoter
yshurik	quantaplus	1	Project Manager
berndspeiser	quantity	1	No specific role
alexportnov	quantitymanager	1	No specific role
bcholmes	quantum	0	Developer
carl_manaster	quantum	0	No specific role
isidore_usa	quantum	0	Developer
jhvdven	quantum	0	Developer
jparrai	quantum	1	Project Manager
pondyprem	quantum	0	No specific role
sirkware	quantum	0	Developer
keskin	quark-engine	1	No specific role
matteo_bertozzi	quartica	1	No specific role
bhedrick	quartz	0	No specific role
bonhamcm	quartz	0	Developer
dafyddjames	quartz	0	Developer
jhouse	quartz	1	Developer
mikecurwen	quartz	0	Web Designer
sjambula	quartz	0	Developer
sutter2k	quartz	0	Developer
topping	quartz	0	Developer
dirkhillbrecht	quaterback-jcc	1	No specific role
inkenr	quaterback-jcc	0	No specific role
maicrittmeier	quaterback-jcc	0	Developer
zephyrsoft	quaterback-jcc	0	Developer
deaded	queried	1	No specific role
invision-	queried	0	Developer
krachyn	queried	0	No specific role
mcrandello	queried	0	Developer
xkr47	queried	0	Developer
cruanyes	quesa	1	Developer
grantd	quesa	1	Developer
jstrout	quesa	1	Developer
jwwalker	quesa	1	Developer
kartifice	quesa	1	Developer
roger_holmes	quesa	1	Developer
brassfire	questnuke	1	No specific role
gronagor	questnuke	0	Developer
kmoberg	queue-tbl-lib	1	No specific role
qades	queue4java	1	No specific role
jominyu	queueandagents	1	No specific role
psycybrfrk	quickbackend	1	No specific role
zelphyr	quickcost	1	No specific role
alexhornby	quickfix	0	Developer
cepstein	quickfix	0	Developer
danmay	quickfix	0	Developer
dv13090	quickfix	0	Developer
gatny	quickfix	0	Developer
kconsalus	quickfix	0	Developer
orenmnero	quickfix	1	Developer
sbate	quickfix	0	Developer
thoennes	quickfix	0	Developer
horstnaujoks	quicklaunch	1	No specific role
amir	quickminer	1	No specific role
quickopen_pm	quickopen	1	Project Manager
bergerhoff	quickrex	1	No specific role
e-vikram	quicksql	1	Web Designer
sdcepoppe	quicksql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
skribb	quicksql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tpsoftware	quicksql	1	Developer
brettporter	quietcoffee	1	Project Manager
aclong	quill	1	No specific role
charlie_	quip	1	Developer
mcquak	quml	1	Project Manager
maudalo	qunit	1	No specific role
quantumqu	qusystem	1	No specific role
eschler	qwav	1	No specific role
pnambic	qxi	1	All-Hands Person
loko	r-java-inf	1	All-Hands Person
tobias_verbeke	r-java-inf	1	All-Hands Person
rjan	r-osgi	1	Project Manager
roscoerush	r2tech-eclipse	1	No specific role
ijadb	rabbitdev	1	Developer
jimwet	rabbitdev	1	Developer
raich	rabbitdev	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	rabl	1	No specific role
vamp201	rachel	1	No specific role
gmcsw3	radis3	1	No specific role
mteel	radlib	1	No specific role
mteel	radlib-gpl	1	Project Manager
markus-karg	rafc	1	Project Manager
deflorio	raftnet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
miekeleeman	raftnet	1	Developer
mleeman	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
stijnsymons	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
tomsnyers	raftnet	1	Developer
vtom	raftnet	1	Developer
avanosdale	raid	1	No specific role
tkarr	raid	1	Developer
byan	rainbow-eiffel	1	Project Manager
marcosffm	rainbow-eiffel	0	Developer
voloda	raklib	1	No specific role
e2morgan	rakurai	1	No specific role
levous	rallyvsnetaddin	1	No specific role
blankz	rambutan	0	Content Management
cutecoder	rambutan	1	No specific role
scottc1976	rambutan	0	Editorial/Content Writer
ramnathk	ramnathk	1	No specific role
rampart	rampart	1	No specific role
boris_daich	rampart-toolkit	1	No specific role
olegoga	rampart-toolkit	1	Developer
shvictor	rampart-toolkit	1	Project Manager
drwye	randservice	1	All-Hands Person
jimmiyoon	randservice	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	randservice	1	Developer
joniyoon	randservice	1	Developer
lostinet	rane	1	No specific role
amitkirdatt	ranjan	1	No specific role
kaalus	rapidxml	1	No specific role
rapiersoft	rapiercpp	1	No specific role
ignatich	raptorplatform	0	Developer
jaykul	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
matrice64	raptorplatform	1	Developer
message	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
contezero	rarm	1	Project Manager
major_77	rarm	0	Analysis / Design
danwinfield	ratestharness	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
marcusd	ratestharness	1	Project Manager
benwheatley	rb-string-ext	1	No specific role
rrindels	rb37	1	No specific role
wayned	rbmake	1	No specific role
dsomar	rbopensource	0	Developer
fbitterlich	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
pedrofp	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
ramindia	rbopensource	1	Developer
sascha_leib	rbopensource	1	No specific role
tummen	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
vverestiuc	rborb	1	No specific role
frehe	rccparser	0	No specific role
mock	rccparser	0	No specific role
tomhoward	rccparser	1	Project Manager
underdark	rclass	1	Project Manager
davyboy79	rconed	0	Developer
deaded	rconed	1	Project Manager
far2fish	rconed	0	Developer
sylfra	rcopier	1	No specific role
knavery	rdbrowse	1	No specific role
r0mi	rdevelopp	1	No specific role
xamde	rdf2go	1	No specific role
areggiori	rdfstore	1	Developer
dirkx	rdfstore	1	Developer
nwalsh	rdftwig	1	No specific role
yonas_jongkind	rdftwig	0	Developer
ear1grey	rdfx	1	No specific role
jccq	rdfx	0	Developer
gballet	rdtracker	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	readahead-ng	1	No specific role
ftobin	readyexec	1	All-Hands Person
brachiocephalic	reak-xml	1	No specific role
snevine	reak-xml	0	Tester
roarl	real-java	1	No specific role
dbrutus	realcalendar	1	No specific role
c_j	realismx-engine	1	No specific role
weseldrdge	realismx-engine	0	Web Designer
djain	realmethods	0	No specific role
rmdevteam	realmethods	0	Developer
rmsupport	realmethods	0	Developer
thenewone	realmethods	0	Developer
tylertravis	realmethods	1	Project Manager
dannomite	realmforge	0	Developer
najak	realmforge	0	Developer
xeonx	realmforge	1	Project Manager
granvil	realpaver	1	No specific role
davison	reattore	0	Developer
michaelh	reattore	1	No specific role
thebosm	reb	1	No specific role
vokal3900	rebot	0	Tester
zraffz	rebot	1	No specific role
mattyh	rectify	1	No specific role
drake42	recurrance	1	No specific role
martinkozak	redbase	1	All-Hands Person
sbyholm	redbasil	1	No specific role
sfaubel	redland-cpp	1	No specific role
josuecp	redline	1	No specific role
redm	redmcalclib	1	No specific role
jplang	redmine	1	No specific role
vjoel	redshift	1	Developer
e_the_sad	redundantdb	1	No specific role
markoschulz	ref-planner	1	No specific role
brjmelo	refactory	0	No specific role
ducaribas	refactory	1	Developer
ecmoraes	refactory	0	Developer
eduardocruz	refactory	1	No specific role
fabriciodias	refactory	0	Developer
kemylle	refactory	0	Developer
kvalcanti	refactory	0	Developer
rafael_oliveira	refactory	0	Developer
renatamrc	refactory	0	Developer
tayannasotero	refactory	0	Project Manager
thbo	refactory	1	Developer
walbergcaribe	refactory	0	Developer
ager	refchecker	0	Developer
freekerf	refchecker	0	Developer
mailund	refchecker	1	Project Manager
artemave	refine	1	No specific role
casper_biever	reflection	1	No specific role
riffraff	reflection	1	No specific role
dllaurence	reflex	1	No specific role
sixxgate	regclass	1	No specific role
r4z0r7o3	regeks	1	No specific role
bgarst	regex-demon	1	No specific role
funnyman3595	regex-garden	1	No specific role
anazimok	regexbdr	1	No specific role
mcomtois	regexcreator	1	No specific role
amos	regexplorer	1	No specific role
marconi	regexplorer	0	No specific role
mariuss	regexplorer	1	No specific role
rfreitas	regexplorer	0	No specific role
vpense	regexplorer	0	No specific role
chousz	regexpplugin	1	No specific role
yorek	regextest	1	No specific role
swaldman	regexviewer	1	No specific role
daniel_e	regexxer	1	Developer
murrayc	regexxer	1	No specific role
zaemin	registar	1	No specific role
frooyo	regressie	1	No specific role
royosherove	regulator	1	No specific role
cyberkruz	regwizard	1	Project Manager
nyxtom	regwizard	1	Developer
yakovsh	regxmaker	1	Project Manager
reikes	regxml	1	No specific role
reichs	reichs	1	No specific role
krakengore	rejuce	1	No specific role
darapov	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
vertleyb	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
erikpoupaert	relartist	1	No specific role
dancoulter	release	1	No specific role
zardozwildman	reliquary	1	Project Manager
alejsama	remoteapps	1	No specific role
asbjornbiz	remotecalendars	0	Developer
burakcayir	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
catoauestad	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
codepoet80	remotecalendars	0	Developer
eggeroliver	remotecalendars	0	Developer
gabrielezannoni	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
halleck2	remotecalendars	0	Developer
igra	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juanjosaurio	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juanrazeto	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jxmaster	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lasthope83	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
lightangel	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
niels--v	remotecalendars	0	Developer
reactiva	remotecalendars	0	Developer
rpsenicnik	remotecalendars	0	Graphic/Other Designer
sergiogg	remotecalendars	0	Developer
spacemanspiff76	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tbrannam	remotecalendars	0	Developer
the_guy	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tremchez	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
xmasterx	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
airliner83	remotedb	1	No specific role
sh3r3d3r	remotedb	1	Project Manager
derkilian	remoteupdate	0	Developer
mibraun	remoteupdate	1	No specific role
nowhere-man	remoteupdate	0	Developer
antares4berlin	rendertech	1	All-Hands Person
hauptman_n	rendertech	1	No specific role
mgroner	replipool	1	No specific role
lop	repo	1	No specific role
lookm	repo2files	1	Project Manager
rpillai	repo2files	0	Developer
martin_messerli	report	0	Developer
otto_mayer	report	1	No specific role
spirig	report	0	Developer
technoguru	report	0	Developer
integraas	reportbuilder	1	No specific role
scmccarthy	reportbuilder	0	No specific role
dragoshbalan	reportengine	1	No specific role
scapel	reports	1	No specific role
tborras	reports	0	Developer
gonnot	repoweb	1	No specific role
saettaz	reptool	1	No specific role
silptur	req2sqlservlet	1	No specific role
d00yt	reqsimile	0	Developer
gervasi	reqsimile	0	Developer
johannod	reqsimile	1	No specific role
sbastrup	reqsimile	0	Developer
mault	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
mengland	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
jastram	reqtrack	1	No specific role
abbasi_4	requisito	1	No specific role
rb272213	reqwishlist	1	No specific role
magiconair	resbundleedit	1	No specific role
paour	resbundleedit	1	No specific role
ariossw	resknife	0	Developer
castiglione	resknife	0	Developer
mfnickster	resknife	0	No specific role
nickshanks	resknife	1	Project Manager
phildev	resknife	0	Developer
raving	resknife	0	Developer
ucbmike	resknife	0	Developer
witness	resknife	1	Developer
mcfletch	resourcepackage	1	No specific role
bultrowicz	resourcepocket	0	Developer
ewelina_kruk	resourcepocket	0	Content Management
mariuszcygan	resourcepocket	0	No specific role
s_kruk	resourcepocket	1	No specific role
ejakowatz	resourcer	0	Developer
nwhitehorn	resourcer	1	No specific role
phoink	resultsetmapper	1	No specific role
puneetjains	resumesonrails	1	No specific role
josejorgejr	reusecenter	0	No specific role
sindolfo	reusecenter	1	No specific role
yurixz	reusecenter	0	No specific role
albert254	reveil	1	No specific role
gissi	revelationp	1	Project Manager
thiagocorrea	revelationp	1	No specific role
wakamikaze	revelationp	1	Developer
billmonkscott	reviewmonk	1	No specific role
gaurav_oberoi	reviewmonk	0	Developer
kaloian	revolution	1	No specific role
unclouded	rexc	1	No specific role
rexem	rexedit	1	No specific role
austria_ttk	rexxeclipse	1	No specific role
rezzie	rezziesoft	1	All-Hands Person
heavenzen	rforge	1	No specific role
monora	rgl	1	No specific role
gbergling	rgnome	1	No specific role
kaiousama	rgnome	0	No specific role
rhaco	rhaco	1	Project Manager
slisznianski	rhascheduler	1	No specific role
decelerate	rhea	1	Project Manager
fredkwok	rhea	1	Developer
golsby	rhinoplugins	1	No specific role
stevebaer	rhinoplugins	1	No specific role
capcaunul	ricas	1	No specific role
rzvdaniel	ricas	0	Developer
jmenard	rice	1	No specific role
conceptjunkie	ricklib	1	No specific role
michaelleung	ride-me	1	No specific role
alperok	rideproject	1	Developer
tuncnamli	rideproject	1	Developer
yildiray	rideproject	1	No specific role
jbrewer	ripsaw	1	No specific role
diodesign	riscos-constant	0	Graphic/Other Designer
gerph	riscos-constant	1	No specific role
ijeffray	riscos-constant	0	Developer
googolminex	ritopt	1	Project Manager
jgangemi	rlabels	1	No specific role
lajwantidoshi	rlframework	0	Developer
rajeshtongia	rlframework	1	Project Manager
chet99	rlib	1	Developer
eburuschkin	rlib	0	All-Hands Person
mroth_sicom	rlib	0	All-Hands Person
rkratz	rlib	0	Doc Writer
robertmeyer	rlib	0	Developer
stilden	rlib	0	Doc Writer
woobster	rlib	1	Project Manager
matthias_veit	rlogview	1	No specific role
jabam	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	No specific role
kmiriri	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	No specific role
la_virtud	rm2k-rpgfactory	1	No specific role
snhes	rmcollegial	1	Project Manager
jtytgat	ro-oslib	1	Developer
thughes	ro-oslib	1	Developer
tonyvdh	ro-oslib	1	Project Manager
matthias_veit	robjectteam	1	No specific role
omgkenny	robocells	1	Project Manager
davidalves	robocode2	1	No specific role
rodhyde	robocode2	0	Developer
bango	rockspace	0	Developer
spheret	rockspace	1	No specific role
alder	rococo	1	No specific role
exortech	rodent	1	No specific role
aenbacka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aptillman	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
arequet	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
beatboxrocka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
cfsnook	rodin-b-sharp	0	No specific role
chrimetayer	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
cmv205	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
dissemination	rodin-b-sharp	1	Distributor/Promoter
fterrier	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
halstefa	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
jabrial	rodin-b-sharp	0	Tester
jbendisposto	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
jolilius	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
lvoisin	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
maryah	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
mehta	rodin-b-sharp	0	No specific role
qmalik	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
thanik	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
tshoang	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
upoopoo	roger3d	1	No specific role
aim4min	roller	0	No specific role
baudrate	roller	0	Developer
lavandowska	roller	0	Developer
mraible	roller	0	Developer
snoopdave	roller	1	Project Manager
holczhammer	root123dummy	1	Developer
root123	root123dummy	1	No specific role
jpelrine	rosettast	1	All-Hands Person
odelljl	rosettast	0	Developer
pwallimann	rosettast	0	Developer
anantv	rosettawerks	0	Developer
j_wicks	rosettawerks	1	All-Hands Person
fku	rotflogger	1	All-Hands Person
colinmacleod	roundtrip	1	No specific role
erose	roundtrip	0	No specific role
a1s	roundup	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	roundup	1	Developer
drkorg	roundup	0	Developer
forsberg	roundup	0	Developer
fresh	roundup	0	Developer
jlgijsbers	roundup	0	Developer
richard	roundup	1	Developer
schlatterbeck	roundup	0	Developer
stefan	roundup	0	Developer
tobias-herp	roundup	0	Developer
tuhtah	roundup	0	Developer
wc2so1	roundup	0	Developer
geoff_youngs	rox-ruby	1	No specific role
bobsson	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
jeisen	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
naomi_2005	rpg-maker	0	Developer
scorcher24	rpglib2004	1	No specific role
rpmwiki	rpmwiki	1	No specific role
alain001	rpy	0	Developer
andrewmcnamara	rpy	0	Developer
belopolsky	rpy	0	Developer
bpeng2000	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
eddelbuettel	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
fobdwarf_random	rpy	0	Developer
hogend	rpy	0	Developer
timc	rpy	0	Developer
wall_m	rpy	1	Developer
warnes	rpy	1	Project Manager
winterguy142	rpy	0	Developer
w3bma5t3r	rr-installer	1	No specific role
otusweb	rrspreadsheet	1	Developer
tritchey	rrspreadsheet	1	No specific role
javmuch	rspe	1	Developer
maxtors	rspe	1	Developer
cyborch	rsqlserial	1	No specific role
borkofnick	rssq	0	Developer
karfai	rssq	1	No specific role
mharhen	rsstaglib	1	No specific role
ralex	rstplib	1	No specific role
dot79	rsyncplugin	1	No specific role
sbosanquet	rt-tdsc	1	Developer
bikerpete	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakcayir	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davydov	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
flatron123	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
haruis	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
leandrolameiro	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
linostar	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
liuxx	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
phrodo	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
pivwan	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
robert_futrell	rtext	1	No specific role
sbrownii	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sonny_susanto	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sonyichi	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
stepagweb	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
svv07	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dejan	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
dlozanovic	rtk	0	Developer
laza2000	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
leka	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
space2	rtk	0	Developer
tootix	rtlcheck	1	No specific role
rguetlein	rtos167	1	No specific role
amangla	rtpdemo	0	Developer
aperepel	rtpdemo	1	Project Manager
darkmaterial	rtpdemo	0	Developer
glancef	rtpdemo	0	Developer
hdeo	rtpdemo	1	Developer
keertipai	rtpdemo	0	Developer
kidambhi	rtpdemo	0	No specific role
mjla	rtpdemo	0	No specific role
slakhani	rtpdemo	0	Developer
srinivs	rtpdemo	0	Developer
sspielman	rtpdemo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gerald_brandt	rtracker	1	No specific role
rtwede	rttrace	1	No specific role
jbischof	rtusd	0	No specific role
rreive	rtusd	1	Project Manager
fhwang	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
mneumann	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
thetitan	ruby-dbi	0	No specific role
jeremy_henty	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
mendyke	ruby-fltk	0	Developer
ttate	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
cjs	ruby-radclient	1	No specific role
dney	ruby-xlib-wrap	1	No specific role
jecain	ruby9i	1	No specific role
clpoda	rubyboot	1	No specific role
cho45	rubycocoa	0	Developer
el_oy	rubycocoa	0	Developer
encyte	rubycocoa	0	Developer
hisa	rubycocoa	1	Developer
jusansai	rubycocoa	0	Developer
kimuraw	rubycocoa	0	Developer
lrz	rubycocoa	1	Developer
paisleyj	rubycocoa	0	Developer
psychs	rubycocoa	0	Developer
tburks	rubycocoa	0	Developer
goodtouch	rubycube	1	Developer
reeb	rubycube	1	No specific role
thetitan	rubydoc	1	All-Hands Person
awilliams	rubyeclipse	1	No specific role
callandor1983	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
cawilliams	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
dcorbin	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
jasonpmorrison	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
mbarchfe	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
mirkostocker	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
mnaglik	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
tcorbat	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
zdennis	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
leavengood	rubygems	1	No specific role
robmckinnon	rubyjedit	1	No specific role
dsafari2000	rubynet	1	Developer
leavengood	rubynet	0	Developer
pate	rubynet	1	Developer
thetitan	rubynet	1	All-Hands Person
pawelb0	rubyplugin	1	No specific role
b1gdave	rubyqt	1	No specific role
watsonmw	rubyqt	1	No specific role
redsquirrel	rubyrefactor	1	All-Hands Person
rfzabick	rubyrefactor	1	No specific role
technorama	rubyzip	1	Developer
thomas	rubyzip	1	No specific role
mused	rudiments	1	No specific role
ruda	rudix	1	No specific role
mwdiablo	rugby-scrum	1	No specific role
ingemarsvensson	rule4j	1	No specific role
billiamr	rulib	0	No specific role
rumbehant	rulib	1	No specific role
rawler	runestone	1	No specific role
borfaux	runesword	1	Developer
corporatedog	runesword	1	Project Manager
crosscutgames	runesword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ephestion	runesword	0	Graphic/Other Designer
montellano	runesword	1	Content Management
paleot	runesword	0	Doc Writer
titi_angola	runesword	1	Developer
vampiricdread	runesword	1	Project Manager
wilbur_whatley	runesword	0	Developer
wphule	runesword	0	Developer
pzoio	runutils	1	No specific role
onno2	rupwiki	1	No specific role
bigmaliang	rur	1	No specific role
davidktw	ruv	1	No specific role
bpettichord	rvtest	0	No specific role
m2ward	rvtest	0	No specific role
markpollack	rvtest	1	No specific role
mojo_kg	rvtest	0	Developer
pfryan	rvtest	1	Developer
rpjava6tr	rwfile-java	1	No specific role
legolas558	rwini	1	No specific role
ethdra	rwl	1	No specific role
legolas558	rwops	1	All-Hands Person
scottgblood	rxlib	1	Project Manager
twm	rxlib	1	Project Manager
ksadlocha	s-mail	1	No specific role
madduck	s11n	1	All-Hands Person
mikeradford	s11n	0	Developer
sgbeal	s11n	1	Project Manager
alberts3	s3fc	1	No specific role
deflatus	s3fc	1	Project Manager
gmpff	s3fc	0	No specific role
mcurf	s3fc	1	Developer
pshymorphic	s3fc	1	Developer
rgardler	saafe	1	Project Manager
pmsrtux	sacix	1	No specific role
stratus	sacix	1	Project Manager
d3x0r	sack	1	No specific role
crsadun	sadun-util	1	No specific role
efa	safe	0	No specific role
pgcrism	safe	1	No specific role
vomlehn	safeunits	1	No specific role
shahsag	sagar-r-shah	1	No specific role
johnqueso	sageifc	1	No specific role
xevol	sagelib	1	No specific role
johnqueso	sagent	1	No specific role
bidu	saguim	1	Developer
marx-gomes	saguim	1	No specific role
uzdun	saiws	1	No specific role
bdecaudin	salmon	0	Developer
dagarwal	salmon	0	No specific role
dandubinsky	salmon	1	Project Manager
fcahill	salmon	0	Developer
rstoyanchev	salmon	0	Developer
schowdhry	salmon	0	Developer
gotoless	saltk	1	No specific role
bhun	salvation	1	No specific role
marnix	same	1	No specific role
fabiorecife	sami	1	No specific role
joaocaboclo	sami	0	Developer
zacaster	sami	0	No specific role
alparsla	samproj	1	No specific role
umite	samproj	1	Unix Admin
fibre	sanctum	1	Project Manager
j-pimp	sanctum	0	Developer
arcwf	sanddune	1	No specific role
sambitbasu	sandr	1	No specific role
agiolito	sanscini	1	Developer
sanscini	sanscini	1	Project Manager
sirfaber	sanscini	0	Developer
javatrout	sao	1	No specific role
sebadsgn	saolu	1	All-Hands Person
freequebec	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
letrait	sapia	0	No specific role
yduchesne	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
ymoussa	sapia	0	Developer
koucky	saprfc	1	No specific role
bduzik	saptam	1	Developer
khanreaper	saptam	1	No specific role
duncanb	sarissa	0	Developer
mbatsis	sarissa	1	No specific role
swhale	sarissa	0	Developer
foozy	sasax	1	No specific role
spikeware	sasconsortium	1	No specific role
aadwight	satchel	0	Developer
kristyelizabeth	satchel	1	Project Manager
bastiaan	satedit	0	Developer
jhenyal	satedit	1	No specific role
pmittal	satedit	0	Developer
dareya	satellitewebapp	0	No specific role
rickknowles	satellitewebapp	1	No specific role
bzimmer	satine	0	No specific role
drluz	satine	1	No specific role
nbartlett	satsumaxml	1	No specific role
shuklasp	satyacb	1	No specific role
sauen	sausurepay	1	No specific role
johnanesbitt	savvyhive	1	No specific role
mpriest	saxadapter	1	No specific role
aslom	saxbench	1	No specific role
yuvalo	saxbench	1	No specific role
jeffrafter	saxdotnet	1	No specific role
kwaclaw	saxdotnet	1	Project Manager
jeffrafter	saxforpascal	1	No specific role
kbwood	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
ebolwidt	saxpath	0	No specific role
iter	saxpath	0	Developer
jstrachan	saxpath	1	Project Manager
mbelonga	saxpath	0	Developer
proyal	saxpath	1	Project Manager
slehmann	saxpath	0	Developer
werken	saxpath	1	Developer
gaselli	saxy-xmlparser	0	Developer
jheinstein	saxy-xmlparser	1	No specific role
japayne	sb-agssh	1	No specific role
son4r	sb-agssh	0	No specific role
adejneka	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
antifuchs	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
bdowning	sbcl	0	No specific role
bmastenbrook	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
crhodes	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
dan_b	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
demoss	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
jsnell	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
kevinrosenberg	sbcl	0	No specific role
kingnato	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
kreuter	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
lisphacker	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
melisgl	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
milesegan	sbcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
nfroyd	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
pfdietz	sbcl	0	Tester
rudi	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
sa2c	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
slyrus	sbcl	0	Developer
ths-sf	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
tkalvas	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
transit	sbcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
wnewman	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
kaij	sbds	1	No specific role
batzenkopp	sbev	0	All-Hands Person
msc_nitram	sbev	1	All-Hands Person
lenov	sbo	1	Project Manager
mcourtot	sbo	1	No specific role
perkeo	sbo	1	Developer
dhervieux	sbtools	1	Project Manager
sholder	sbugs	1	No specific role
adrianogf	scacad	1	Developer
junyoshitake	scacad	0	Developer
pqpsoft	scacad	1	Developer
mgineer1	scal-2	1	No specific role
amadvance	scale2x	1	No specific role
jamesafj	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
thomaswood	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
wrxzzj	scanalyst	1	No specific role
bebemycat2	scarsrl	0	No specific role
crgky127	scarsrl	0	No specific role
dankness	scarsrl	1	No specific role
driger1592	scarsrl	0	No specific role
freddy1990	scarsrl	0	No specific role
kernel-klink	scarsrl	0	No specific role
krazy_meerkat	scarsrl	0	No specific role
madcowsrl	scarsrl	0	No specific role
moparisthebest	scarsrl	1	No specific role
phantombmx	scarsrl	0	No specific role
pyro_910	scarsrl	0	No specific role
realrune	scarsrl	0	No specific role
renax	scarsrl	0	No specific role
rsn_	scarsrl	0	No specific role
sfspky	scarsrl	0	No specific role
starblaster100	scarsrl	0	No specific role
wizzupsrl	scarsrl	1	No specific role
woof497	scarsrl	0	No specific role
a_senna	scat	1	No specific role
turbandan	scb	0	Developer
wackynet	scb	1	Project Manager
xardas82	scb	0	Developer
davefdavef	scbugdb	1	No specific role
rdurkin	scbugdb	0	Developer
bertilsson	scdoc	1	No specific role
sskhiri	sce-se	1	No specific role
tmurakam	scenerytools	1	Project Manager
karens	scex	1	Distributor/Promoter
mha13	scex	1	No specific role
mgruenke	schemadoc	1	No specific role
drake42	schemamap	1	Developer
alex_peake	schematics	1	Developer
antonvs	schematics	1	Project Manager
aurelianito	schematics	0	Analysis / Design
bfulgham	schematics	1	No specific role
bruceba	schematics	1	Project Manager
davidji0	schematics	1	Developer
drschemer	schematics	0	No specific role
eknauel	schematics	0	No specific role
gweakliem	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
hoesterholt	schematics	0	No specific role
ianglover	schematics	1	Project Manager
jasoegaard	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
lastcraft	schematics	0	No specific role
madskg	schematics	0	Developer
mjadud	schematics	1	Project Manager
noel	schematics	1	Project Manager
object	schematics	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pdestroy	schematics	0	No specific role
rculpepper	schematics	1	Project Manager
slef	schematics	0	Developer
solsona	schematics	1	Project Manager
sperber	schematics	1	Developer
stephanh	schematics	0	Developer
surazal	schematics	1	No specific role
zhuchongkai	schematics	0	Developer
dcazzulino	schematron-net	1	No specific role
jannejun	schoolmud	1	No specific role
mgm55	schoolprojects	1	No specific role
gserack	scide	1	No specific role
baohaojun	scim	0	Developer
cducer	scim	0	Developer
cooleyes_lf	scim	0	Developer
hwanjin	scim	0	Developer
janhefti	scim	0	Doc Writer
juhp	scim	0	Developer
linshiqun	scim	0	Developer
liuspider	scim	1	Project Manager
makeinu	scim	0	Developer
mfabian	scim	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
neeum	scim	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
ryo-dairiki	scim	1	Developer
subbo	scim	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
suzhe	scim	1	Project Manager
voidoo	scim	0	Developer
wjbeksi	scim	0	Developer
wmtuen	scim	0	Developer
ybando	scim	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alexey_obukhov	scinet	0	Tester
aurerilo	scinet	0	Developer
digioz	scinet	1	Developer
harnas83	scinet	0	Developer
liron78	scinet	0	Developer
livibetter	scinet	1	Content Management
luksow	scinet	0	Developer
m85743	scinet	0	Developer
ocoskun	scinet	1	Project Manager
andyjeffries	scintilla	0	No specific role
anevilyak	scintilla	0	No specific role
don_paul	scintilla	0	Developer
eranm	scintilla	0	Developer
ericp	scintilla	0	Developer
fdncred	scintilla	0	Developer
gserack	scintilla	0	Developer
jmrodriguez	scintilla	0	Developer
jpe	scintilla	0	No specific role
jtuc	scintilla	0	Developer
mixedpuppy	scintilla	0	Developer
mjroberts	scintilla	0	Developer
nyamatongwe	scintilla	1	Project Manager
philho	scintilla	0	Developer
rdaneelolivaw	scintilla	0	No specific role
robux4	scintilla	0	No specific role
scaraveo	scintilla	0	Developer
sdeibel	scintilla	0	No specific role
ssteele	scintilla	0	No specific role
wbd	scintilla	0	Developer
tdanylak	scipio	1	Project Manager
avreal	scmrtos	0	Developer
harry_zhurov	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
sb-sf	scmrtos	0	Developer
spf-sf	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
jhereth	scola	1	No specific role
plueschix	scola	1	Developer
s_yevtushenko	scola	0	Developer
gezerk	scout	0	Developer
juvs	scout	0	Developer
mattwood1	scout	1	No specific role
lox24	scratchml	1	No specific role
tweety_04_01	scripter-cs	1	No specific role
arcade1989	scripting	0	Tester
arcan	scripting	0	Tester
cezarica	scripting	0	Developer
edyy	scripting	0	Tester
gorapid	scripting	0	Tester
romka01	scripting	0	Unix Admin
sknvslsn	scripting	0	Tester
starter2	scripting	0	Tester
universalia	scripting	1	Project Manager
virtual4ever	scripting	0	Tester
lenx	scripton	1	No specific role
wlovett	scriptorium	1	No specific role
frostbox	scripts4xbmc	1	Project Manager
siyikalender	scstream	1	No specific role
psutera	sctl	1	Developer
wood_j	sctl	1	No specific role
snakecard	sctoolkits	1	No specific role
supersteve1440	scul	1	No specific role
mloskot	scusi	0	Developer
ohochreu	scusi	0	Developer
syntheticpp	scusi	1	No specific role
d70rh1	sd-vsnetplugin	1	No specific role
nikolopoulos	sdccide	1	No specific role
hamister	sdfserver	1	No specific role
sdl_gp32	sdl-tinygl	1	No specific role
elcugo	sdl4fp	0	Developer
int-0	sdl4fp	0	Developer
trixx	sdl4fp	1	No specific role
reflex-2000	sdlconsole	1	No specific role
akawaka	sdldoc	1	No specific role
fingolfin	sdldoc	1	No specific role
phoenix	sdldoc	0	No specific role
slouken	sdldoc	1	Developer
weaver	sdldoc	0	No specific role
xark	sdldoc	0	No specific role
abertoll	sdlgraph	1	No specific role
ageldama	sdlhan	1	All-Hands Person
red_pixel	sdlhan	0	No specific role
wolfclan	sdlmerlin	1	No specific role
abadox	sdlmm	0	Developer
cokane	sdlmm	1	No specific role
neotron	sdlmm	1	All-Hands Person
rad_ad	sdlmm	0	Developer
froged	sdloo	1	No specific role
tojo	sdlpas	1	No specific role
bigwayne	sdlpl	1	No specific role
dgoehrig	sdlpl	1	No specific role
towro	sdlreflex	1	No specific role
matt_s	sdlsplash	1	No specific role
stechz	sdlzipfile	1	No specific role
aantov	sdoclet	1	Project Manager
bajackson	sdtoolkit	1	No specific role
dhervieux	sdtools	1	No specific role
cottrela	searchmonkey	1	No specific role
ggx2	searchmonkey	0	Developer
hellfeuer	searchmonkey	0	Developer
sebproject	sebdevproject	1	No specific role
dcbarrientos	secor	1	No specific role
alsi77	secse	0	No specific role
antoniodn	secse	1	Developer
debora_desideri	secse	1	No specific role
engineering	secse	1	Project Manager
marcel71	secse	1	No specific role
secsercost	secse	1	Developer
telegraph_road	secse	1	No specific role
walkerdi	secse	1	Project Manager
yosugc	secse	1	Project Manager
pmylemans	secureinstaller	1	Developer
teyjohn	secureinstaller	0	Developer
wboelen	secureinstaller	0	Developer
dayash	securityfilter	0	Developer
maxcooper	securityfilter	1	Project Manager
howe	sednapy	1	No specific role
binoyed	sedochlp	1	No specific role
mensonge	seedbed	1	No specific role
thomas-m	seesaw	1	No specific role
christianmc	seif	1	No specific role
ivan_r_moore	selfguru	1	No specific role
macbishop	sememu	1	No specific role
kabalak	semerkent	1	No specific role
gravelld	senayan	1	No specific role
amao671	sensorshooting	1	No specific role
thefirelane	sente	1	All-Hands Person
darthcheng	sentio	0	Developer
linuz_	sentio	1	No specific role
thoulder	sequenceview	1	No specific role
lordlust	serengeti	1	No specific role
johanlindberg	serf	1	Developer
sofiatan	serf	0	Developer
sy7robc	serf	0	Developer
adrianoc	serialwizard	1	Developer
abewhite	serp	1	No specific role
elindauer	serp	0	Developer
mprudhom	serp	0	Developer
plinskey	serp	0	Developer
escovan	serpens	1	No specific role
dwclarke	serprot	1	No specific role
dsundstrom	service-cache	0	Developer
kopela	service-cache	0	No specific role
mkamp	service-cache	0	Developer
mkurjano	service-cache	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	service-cache	1	No specific role
tibu	service-cache	0	Developer
dnarizhnyh	service11	1	Project Manager
jeffy11	service11	1	Project Manager
kolimarfey	service11	1	Developer
tim11soft	service11	1	Project Manager
unknownguy	service11	1	Developer
cororok	servicemanager	1	No specific role
emorning	servicetango	1	No specific role
modeltford	servicetango	1	Developer
dbpad	servletstudio	1	Developer
ideabrooder	servletstudio	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
joniyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
johnlink	servlettesting	1	Project Manager
wyldebeast	servlettesting	1	No specific role
arcneeraj	servletunit	1	Unix Admin
java_man	servletunit	0	Developer
somik	servletunit	1	No specific role
chdh	servletviewer	1	No specific role
cjs	servtest	1	No specific role
erikbos	ses-ppts	1	Developer
frank_w	ses-ppts	1	Developer
nlv11075	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
nlv12078	ses-ppts	1	Developer
vogelsp	ses-ppts	1	Developer
wvdgoor	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
hajokirchhoff	setl	1	No specific role
cleverly	sewer	0	Developer
m0smith	sewer	1	No specific role
matts22	sexpr	1	No specific role
evilpuppet	seymour	1	Developer
ubik42	seymour	1	Developer
eserte	sf-upload	1	No specific role
bensch128	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
catfoodgood	sfgdcoll	1	No specific role
djd2tq	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
adamcgross	sforce	1	Developer
benjasik	sforce	1	Developer
byrnereese	sforce	0	Developer
chipski	sforce	1	Developer
dcarroll_sforce	sforce	1	Developer
dchasman	sforce	1	Developer
jlward4	sforce	0	Developer
khouseknecht	sforce	1	Project Manager
ron_hess	sforce	1	Developer
ryankicks	sforce	1	Developer
speerhead	sforce	0	No specific role
stevebuik	sforce	1	Developer
surfous	sforce	0	Developer
tranmanyo	sforce	1	Project Manager
zaks	sforce	0	Developer
davidglasser	sforzando	1	Developer
natbudin	sforzando	1	Developer
schmendrick	sforzando	1	Developer
dago	sfsetup	0	Developer
mhearn	sfsetup	1	No specific role
repete	sfsetup	0	No specific role
radkade1	sfw	0	Developer
rpav	sfw	1	Project Manager
bastek_	sgcl	1	No specific role
rgbrenner	sgets	1	All-Hands Person
sghfd	sghfd	1	No specific role
rmarinie	sgio	1	Developer
toolshed	sgio	1	Project Manager
vittek	sglib	1	No specific role
kbeckman	sglibs	1	No specific role
adicarlo	sgmltools-lite	0	Developer
cdegroot	sgmltools-lite	1	Project Manager
dnedrow	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
selig	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
veltzer	sgmltools-lite	0	Developer
fipar	sh-mutex	1	No specific role
kalandw1	shadow1	1	No specific role
greg7224	shadowed	1	Project Manager
k5jvc	shapedotnet	1	Project Manager
jamesbon	share360	1	No specific role
misanek	shared-pool	1	No specific role
mkrzemien	sharedpool	1	No specific role
gurun	sharky	1	No specific role
pomarc	sharpa	1	No specific role
netdb	sharpadmin	1	Project Manager
spinthemoose	sharpcontrib	1	No specific role
dbright	sharpedit	1	Project Manager
shakerwd	sharpedit	1	Developer
scottbradley	sharpforge	1	No specific role
promit	sharpfs	1	Developer
robloach	sharpfs	0	Developer
anuproject	sharpgrid	1	No specific role
barmalej	sharplib	1	No specific role
dogcane	sharppdf	1	No specific role
peipa	sharppdf	0	Developer
pichbe	sharppdf	0	No specific role
scarlip	sharppdf	0	No specific role
zuboss82	sharppdf	0	Developer
brunes69	sharpquery	1	No specific role
srubben	sharpquery	1	Developer
aschlapsi	sharprss	1	Developer
antoprovenzano	sharpweather	1	Project Manager
nomike	shellconfig	1	No specific role
dutoitc	shimeric	1	No specific role
taab	shiningaffix	1	No specific role
shivneetns	shivneetns	1	No specific role
pthorel	shllib	1	No specific role
vpoulain	shlublulib	1	Project Manager
nirshahaf	shmallocator	1	No specific role
bitnbyte	shmap	1	Developer
cpuwhiz105	showmesh	0	Developer
scratattack	showmesh	1	No specific role
chrismasters	shrink	1	No specific role
complexmath	shwild	1	Developer
matsys	shwild	1	Developer
ip80	shwow-ide	1	No specific role
rupertwg	shwow-ide	0	Developer
jbwiv	sidarkstar	1	No specific role
binumathew1974	side4u	1	Developer
arsh0r	siemapi	1	No specific role
gkal	sierra	1	Developer
kiwnix	sierra	1	No specific role
fishminer	sigmaframework	1	No specific role
romanosf	signalslot-apt	1	No specific role
codefox	signelf	1	No specific role
slamb	sigsafe	1	No specific role
gogo1234	silkroad	1	No specific role
amooy	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
helmantel	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
hippe	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
oosterom	sillyexceptions	0	Developer
tcornel	silpentree	1	Developer
dlboris	sim6502net	1	No specific role
aaditya	sim85	1	Developer
bert_	simclust	1	No specific role
vilbara	simfony	1	No specific role
gumbo	simlink	1	No specific role
bobfcsoft	simpl	1	Developer
grahammcc	simpl	0	Developer
paul_c	simpl	0	No specific role
radked	simpl	0	Developer
sergey_strakhov	simpl	0	Developer
imhussachai	simple-dbqm	1	No specific role
chrisranjana	simple-php-shop	1	No specific role
jivenetworks	simplecf	1	Project Manager
oox	simpledevlib	1	No specific role
russgreen77	simplegantt	1	No specific role
netsrak	simplejcoms	1	No specific role
crocifisso	simplemerge	1	Developer
mavmic	simplemerge	1	Developer
juanysys	simpleodbc	1	No specific role
mcfletch	simpleparse	1	No specific role
shanan	simpleproject	1	No specific role
simpleradius	simpleradius	1	No specific role
edexx	simpleras	1	Developer
craigb187	simplerss	0	Web Designer
lesven	simplerss	0	Developer
rmaclean	simplerss	1	All-Hands Person
joechip	simplescript	1	No specific role
liviu_aurelian	simplesqltools	1	No specific role
reason9	simplestats	1	Project Manager
turbobutton	simplethread	1	No specific role
etherealflaim	simpletk	1	Project Manager
gladiator	simpletk	0	Developer
kalinga	simpletk	0	Developer
sylbert	simpletk	0	Developer
tcooke	simpletk	0	No specific role
matheuszeuch	simplevalidate	1	No specific role
niallg	simpleweb	1	No specific role
essmann	simplexml	1	No specific role
rjsamson	simplicitysharp	1	No specific role
samsdb0	simplicitysharp	0	No specific role
cvarona	simply-rdf	1	Developer
naudts	simply-rdf	1	Developer
taorg	simply-rdf	1	Project Manager
cehardin	simplygnustep	1	No specific role
fgstep	simplygnustep	0	Developer
jrc520	simplygnustep	0	No specific role
killian35	simplyvbunit	1	No specific role
mdausmann	simplyvbunit	0	Developer
pjfitzgibbons	simplyvbunit	0	Developer
aluepke	simteec	1	No specific role
cedlebab	simulus-engine	0	Developer
c_olin3404	simulus-engine	0	Developer
fyhuang	simulus-engine	1	No specific role
m0rg	simulus-engine	1	Developer
japhy	singeltonpool	0	Analysis / Design
scheruga	singeltonpool	1	No specific role
wimpi	singeltonpool	0	Analysis / Design
yakovsh	singlesub	1	No specific role
agustiana	sipkd	1	No specific role
ckroom	sircl	1	No specific role
lprada	sissystem	1	All-Hands Person
h4u70	situr	1	No specific role
wduminy	sixemell	1	No specific role
sjcomp	sjgui	1	No specific role
cjstehno	sjrf	1	No specific role
yaztromo	sjs	1	No specific role
ahs3	ski	1	No specific role
venndigram	skinner	1	No specific role
veins	sklibrary	1	Developer
wyrkeel	sklibrary	1	No specific role
api-devlab	skratchpad	1	Project Manager
wedgeant	slackfr-packs	1	No specific role
aevernon	slate	0	Developer
ciboire	slate	1	No specific role
rthorndy	slate	1	Developer
dvg60	sldragonproject	0	Developer
lordandrej	sldragonproject	0	All-Hands Person
lordeidi	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
lordfilu	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
ctraber	sledit	0	Tester
norganos	sledit	1	No specific role
jwdevel	slig	1	No specific role
amecky	slimdog	1	No specific role
spariev	slimdog	0	No specific role
lionel_balme	slimlib	1	No specific role
mobby38	slimlib	0	Developer
sunh11373	slimpgp	1	No specific role
kajala	slmath	1	No specific role
lemmy01	slqbeans	1	No specific role
darkchrono	slsoftware	1	No specific role
szoke	sltw	1	No specific role
zsozsop	sltw	1	No specific role
andrerav	slumber	1	No specific role
mev	slyboots	1	No specific role
aditsu	smart-library	1	Developer
drarem	smart-library	0	Developer
fmarchal	smart-library	0	No specific role
jwking	smart-library	0	Project Manager
w1nma1n	smart-library	0	No specific role
bradcupit	smart-pointers	1	Project Manager
netwerkgr	smart-publisher	1	No specific role
bilboq	smartbee	0	Developer
martin_konicek	smartbee	1	Project Manager
gpoul	smartcard	1	No specific role
tfosa	smartcard	0	No specific role
hengels	smartcc	1	No specific role
rhauf	smartcc	0	Developer
atalarico	smartconfig	0	Unix Admin
ggperrone	smartconfig	0	Developer
rlogiacco	smartconfig	1	No specific role
amirakhmedov	smartims	0	Developer
eugene_beast	smartims	0	No specific role
just_	smartims	0	No specific role
kerigan	smartims	0	No specific role
qurbonov_gulom	smartims	0	Developer
shabanovd	smartims	1	No specific role
meebey	smartirc4net	1	No specific role
loki_za	smartmaildotnet	1	No specific role
perrotti	smartpanel	1	No specific role
altos-z	smartperso	1	No specific role
nfsantos	smartrmi	1	No specific role
hainey	smartui	1	Project Manager
gadicohen	smarty-gettext	0	Developer
sagi	smarty-gettext	1	No specific role
smoksmok	smdesigner	1	All-Hands Person
boism	smerge	0	Developer
cadrian	smerge	1	All-Hands Person
elj	smerge	0	Developer
dashohoxha	smewebapp	1	Developer
dbiehl	smide	1	All-Hands Person
dimitry_dhondt	smile	1	Developer
emol	smile	1	Developer
mwessendorf	smile	0	No specific role
rudi_claes	smile	0	Doc Writer
tryggvil	smile	0	Developer
vdbuyss	smile	0	Developer
enzo	smooth	1	No specific role
mskeel	smoothcopy	1	Tester
vpiattelli	smoothcopy	1	Project Manager
awphuch	smoothiemods	0	Developer
c47457r0ph3	smoothiemods	0	Developer
daniel_hozac	smoothiemods	0	Developer
etherlord82	smoothiemods	0	Developer
hivemynd	smoothiemods	0	Developer
kris_tof	smoothiemods	0	Developer
mpot	smoothiemods	0	No specific role
netwhiz	smoothiemods	1	All-Hands Person
remembermyname	smoothiemods	0	Developer
s-t-p	smoothiemods	0	Developer
turdfergusson	smoothiemods	0	Tester
binkley	smoothmetal	1	Developer
jshiell	smoothmetal	1	Developer
marrs	smoothmetal	1	No specific role
ithinkergoiam	smp4linux	1	No specific role
gollwas	smrj	1	No specific role
thewackonerd	smsimplecms1	1	Developer
taserv	smsm	1	No specific role
lenzenc	smtpunit	1	No specific role
m0ren0	smutty	1	No specific role
iporres	smwscw	1	Project Manager
khamis	sn-extensions	1	No specific role
quinticent	snaglepuss	1	No specific role
bestmazzo	snail	1	No specific role
irmen	snakelets	1	No specific role
deckard_1100	snap	0	Developer
elec_diaz_00	snap	0	Web Designer
hfrequency	snap	0	Developer
l_ramirez	snap	0	Web Designer
mjpolanco	snap	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pjcabrera_java	snap	1	All-Hands Person
pj_aquino	snap	0	Developer
shockeyk	snap	1	Project Manager
cmgross	snapdal	0	Developer
csstolle	snapdal	0	No specific role
panmanphil	snapdal	1	No specific role
skot	snapdal	0	Developer
gualo	snappconfig	1	No specific role
albacore	snapper	1	No specific role
klauswuestefeld	sneer	1	No specific role
rodrigobamboo	sneer	0	No specific role
xeus_man	sniper	1	No specific role
rationalanimal	snippetscript	1	No specific role
mrmuffin	snipthis	1	No specific role
andrei	snoopy	1	No specific role
denzo2	snoopy	0	Developer
errows	snoopy	0	Developer
gene_wood	snoopy	1	Developer
jhs2	snoopy	0	Developer
mohrt	snoopy	1	No specific role
cengizkayay	soalift	1	No specific role
acruikshank	soapanywhere	0	Developer
cgamsu	soapanywhere	0	Developer
glowe	soapanywhere	0	Developer
jglanz	soapanywhere	1	No specific role
nickduong	soapanywhere	0	Developer
sursha	soapanywhere	0	Developer
miep	soapbar	1	No specific role
mrward	soaptrace	1	No specific role
amnuxoll	soar	0	Developer
darevay	soar	0	Developer
kcoulter	soar	1	Developer
rmarinie	soar	1	Developer
seattledoug	soar	1	Developer
snason	soar	0	Developer
toolshed	soar	1	Project Manager
yongjiaw	soar	0	Developer
rohitbrai	soas	1	No specific role
thoth39	socketstream	1	All-Hands Person
danielosmari	socklibpp	1	No specific role
negativeiq	socksipy	1	No specific role
francisandre	sockstream	1	No specific role
hstraub	sockstream	0	Developer
dougorleans	socrates-lang	1	No specific role
muro	socurses	1	Project Manager
gute	sodaconfig	0	Web Designer
mbecker_kassel	sodaconfig	1	No specific role
pinanti	sodaframework	1	No specific role
audran	sofaa	1	Developer
bartthebart	sofaa	0	Developer
jenneso	sofaa	0	Developer
kevin3stone	sofaa	0	No specific role
majax99	sofaa	0	Developer
winniethepooh	sofaa	0	Project Manager
aruyant	soft-wars	1	No specific role
fcarli	soft-wars	1	No specific role
fponchel	soft-wars	1	No specific role
puce	softsmithy	1	Developer
saunup	softsmithy	0	Web Designer
theanaconda	sokuwort	1	No specific role
akurtakov	solareclipse	0	Developer
l950637	solareclipse	1	Project Manager
vazz	solareclipse	0	Developer
tochy2010	solcalc	1	No specific role
natbudin	solidfuel	1	No specific role
orasis	solinger	1	No specific role
lpca	solsoft	1	No specific role
fbalzari	somload	1	No specific role
carlosgomez722	sophy	1	Project Manager
ceciliacedres	sophy	1	Project Manager
mibarra82	sophy	1	No specific role
franckp	sorttag	1	No specific role
fragus	sose	0	Web Designer
fraguz	sose	1	No specific role
robermann	sounding-code	1	Project Manager
pevm	soup	1	Project Manager
sintflut	source2html	1	No specific role
hakandilek	source2source	0	Developer
tanersener	source2source	1	No specific role
biswapesh	sourcebase	1	No specific role
mdejong	sourcebase	1	Developer
leifg	sourcecodetools	1	No specific role
jftuga	sourcefoyer	1	No specific role
bernijantscher	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
intmain	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
broecker	sourcemeter	1	No specific role
bailopan	sourcemm	1	Developer
basic-master	sourcemm	0	Developer
damagedsoul	sourcemm	1	Developer
pmonoto	sourcemm	1	No specific role
bailopan	sourcemod	1	No specific role
pmonoto	sourcemod	0	Developer
sniperbeamer	sourcemod	1	All-Hands Person
ajpatter	sourceworf	1	No specific role
iezzip	sourdough	1	No specific role
vilbara	sovt	1	No specific role
nilssen	sowin	1	No specific role
cdhall	spacecraft	0	No specific role
jayhawk_hokie	spacecraft	0	No specific role
nilspace	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
simpliciter	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
xb70	spacecraft	0	Developer
spacemojo	spacemojo	1	No specific role
lbeyeler	spaceopera	1	All-Hands Person
jwskene	spang	1	Developer
logicalgenetics	spang	1	Developer
rontana	spang	1	Developer
mistert_sparal	sparal	1	No specific role
hannootje	sparqlviz	1	Developer
keithrichards	sparqlviz	1	Project Manager
jonkje	spartacusg	1	No specific role
ken_ore	spartacusg	0	No specific role
kevin3stone	spc	1	No specific role
tinaye	spc	0	Developer
pylam	specacetao	1	No specific role
pylamhk	specacetao	0	Developer
indraneil	spellbound-java	1	No specific role
cix_foo	spgl	1	No specific role
orangytang	spgl	0	Developer
scorcher	spgmr08	1	No specific role
snookerdoodle	spgmr08	0	Developer
jghj	spheakxml	1	No specific role
kyo_116	spheresuite	1	No specific role
oknotok	spheresuite	0	Web Designer
jivenetworks	sphps	1	Project Manager
infosci	spinapps	1	No specific role
glongman	spindle	1	No specific role
hugopalma	spindle	0	Developer
aandrade4321	spiritdk	0	Developer
rogerio_martins	spiritdk	1	No specific role
spirit5	spiritdk	0	Developer
govirulz	spoony	1	No specific role
skud	spork	1	No specific role
xfire	spork	0	No specific role
davidsporn	sporniketcore	1	No specific role
bbadger	sport	1	No specific role
sammy_rulez	spreadobjects	1	No specific role
pcoucke	spring-cache	1	No specific role
iusr	spring-ns	1	Developer
anodos	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
benalex	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
ge0ffrey	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
jdigger	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
jhoskens	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
kdonald	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
kevinstembridge	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
lstreepy	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
mathiasbr	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
mportier	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
ohutchison	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
peterdb	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
scottdelap	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
kazmif	springdomains	1	No specific role
aarendsen	springframework	0	Developer
adrian-colyer	springframework	0	Developer
andypiper	springframework	0	Developer
aseovic	springframework	0	Developer
beanie42	springframework	0	Developer
benalex	springframework	0	Developer
bramsmeets	springframework	0	Developer
colins	springframework	1	Developer
costin_leau	springframework	0	Developer
davison	springframework	0	Developer
devijvers	springframework	0	Developer
dkopylenko	springframework	0	Developer
dsyer	springframework	0	Developer
dupuisc	springframework	0	Developer
janm399	springframework	0	Developer
jconstantine	springframework	0	Developer
jeremyg484	springframework	0	Developer
jhoeller	springframework	1	Developer
johnalewis	springframework	0	Developer
johnsonr	springframework	1	Developer
jstrachan	springframework	0	Developer
kdonald	springframework	0	Developer
kktec	springframework	0	Developer
klr8	springframework	0	Developer
lucasward	springframework	0	Developer
luke_t	springframework	0	Developer
mark-fisher	springframework	0	Developer
markpollack	springframework	0	Developer
marthursson	springframework	0	Developer
mpetrashev	springframework	0	Developer
nebhale	springframework	0	Developer
ohutchison	springframework	0	No specific role
portiatung	springframework	0	Developer
poutsma	springframework	0	Developer
ramnivas	springframework	0	Developer
robharrop	springframework	1	Developer
sbrannen	springframework	0	Developer
slenderslacks	springframework	0	Developer
springboy	springframework	0	No specific role
tjuerge	springframework	0	Developer
trisberg	springframework	0	Developer
ulsa	springframework	0	Developer
wgthom	springframework	0	Developer
ajevic	springnet	0	Developer
aseovic	springnet	1	Developer
bbaia	springnet	0	Developer
choyrim	springnet	0	No specific role
chrisdrop	springnet	0	Developer
fspinazzi	springnet	0	Developer
gcaprio	springnet	0	Developer
idlsoft	springnet	0	No specific role
jasongerard	springnet	0	Developer
johnsonr	springnet	0	No specific role
jstrachan	springnet	0	Developer
lsusatyo	springnet	0	Developer
markpollack	springnet	1	No specific role
mdumic	springnet	0	Developer
oakinger	springnet	0	No specific role
robharrop	springnet	0	No specific role
springboy	springnet	0	Developer
yazybones	springnet	0	No specific role
dhalbrook	springroll	0	Developer
flibuste	springroll	1	Developer
tjuerge	springui	1	No specific role
tjuerge	springui-ext	0	Developer
watkid	springui-ext	1	No specific role
tobydonaldson	sprout	1	No specific role
basck	sprstr	1	No specific role
bsimser	spswrappers	1	No specific role
wcaputo	spunit	1	No specific role
anhood	spyderontheweb	1	Project Manager
ineo	spyderontheweb	1	No specific role
blackbird23	spyse	0	Developer
bvdvecht	spyse	0	Developer
dana_virtual	spyse	0	Developer
drapmeyer	spyse	1	Project Manager
jdthood	spyse	1	Developer
jeroenmv	spyse	0	Developer
mgaruizenaar	spyse	0	Developer
michel	spyse	0	Developer
scrappy_doo	spyse	0	Developer
xladage	spyse	0	Developer
aeyr	sqdev	1	No specific role
dannyholstein	sql-lv	1	No specific role
mjanssen	sql-lv	0	Developer
gerkek	sql2diagram	1	Unix Admin
pokorra	sql2diagram	1	No specific role
paulbrinkley	sql2objects	1	Project Manager
pghosh	sql2objects	0	No specific role
ytztech	sqlalphp	1	No specific role
keeleyd	sqlb	1	Project Manager
carlosklapp	sqlclrlib	1	No specific role
pribali	sqldata	1	Project Manager
stathis	sqldata	1	Project Manager
javamona	sqlexecutor	0	Tester
jeffssmith1	sqlexecutor	1	No specific role
gregaryh	sqlfamily	0	Developer
mike_carney	sqlfamily	0	Developer
mitch69	sqlfamily	1	Project Manager
colin_anderson	sqlfpas	0	Developer
lewicki	sqlfpas	1	No specific role
tylix	sqlfpas	0	Developer
subik	sqliteman	1	No specific role
freddy78	sqlitemanager	1	No specific role
tpruvot	sqlitemanager	0	Developer
brianvanderburg	sqlitevfs	1	No specific role
rafael_ibraim	sqlnet	1	No specific role
olegoga	sqlom	1	No specific role
etienne_marais	sqlpersist	1	No specific role
dbday	sqlprocessor	1	No specific role
hensleyl	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
richier	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
steven_yelton	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
bobintetley	sqlrecordset	1	No specific role
bayert	sqlrest	1	No specific role
marco_h	sqlrest	1	Developer
neuronaut	sqlsplitter	1	No specific role
jgoering	sqlviewer	0	Developer
moatas	sqlviewer	1	No specific role
aeyr	sqplus	0	Developer
jkleinecke	sqplus	0	No specific role
kkawachi	sqplus	1	Developer
lammeregire	sqplus	0	Developer
sqplus	sqplus	1	No specific role
millerjcr	sqr2java	1	No specific role
kevinlewis	squarespf	1	No specific role
dijitalmaniak	squeal	1	Developer
norbertf	squeezelayout	1	No specific role
pacca	squeezelayout	0	Developer
squider	squidysoft	1	No specific role
krisw	srcaudit	1	No specific role
gaaseng	srcdoc	1	No specific role
arcanum	srecord	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pmiller	srecord	1	No specific role
srust	srust	1	No specific role
bsturgen	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
dknuese	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
jgaracci	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
sadao	sscilib	1	No specific role
hzol	sscl	0	No specific role
neko-q	sscl	0	No specific role
szilu	sscl	1	No specific role
szocsi	sscl	0	No specific role
jan_berndt	sse	1	No specific role
sifioezt	sse	1	Developer
puhmann	sserpengine	1	No specific role
bohoran	ssh4j	0	Developer
jskipper	ssh4j	0	Developer
loonix	ssh4j	1	Developer
chris_a_thomas	sshtools	1	No specific role
hunoldinho	sshtools	1	Developer
mcli	sshtools	0	Developer
psharkey	sshtools	0	Developer
ditling	sslext	1	No specific role
maxcooper	sslext	0	Developer
workerant	ssobjects	1	No specific role
tonyweston	ssresourcekit	1	No specific role
cminyard	ssthreads	1	Project Manager
idanso	sstorm	1	Project Manager
amir	stabilizer	1	No specific role
taoxie	stabilizer	0	No specific role
cmungall	stag	1	No specific role
sshu	stag	1	All-Hands Person
jboy_id_au	staks	1	No specific role
rinzwind	staple	1	No specific role
jhrabal	starbugp	1	No specific role
pofider	starbugp	1	No specific role
kewliostar	stardustgcs	1	No specific role
bcwhite	starlib	1	No specific role
alexart	starpound	1	All-Hands Person
bmoon_m1	starpound	1	All-Hands Person
dzygmont	starpound	1	Project Manager
varkhipov	starpound	1	Project Manager
wwang_m1	starpound	1	No specific role
bentins	starteclipse	1	No specific role
jwarnes	statdistlib	0	No specific role
peternsteinmetz	statdistlib	1	Project Manager
warnes	statdistlib	1	No specific role
parywu	statem	1	No specific role
bterbush	statj	1	No specific role
heuermh	stax	1	Developer
mpocock	stax	0	No specific role
thomasd	stax	1	No specific role
igarcerant	stdkit	1	No specific role
bellursc	stdnet	0	No specific role
lemur	stdnet	0	No specific role
w-molloy	stdnet	1	No specific role
rnagy2003	stdnoj	1	No specific role
kerion	stdnws	1	No specific role
jschultz410	stdutil	1	No specific role
tj_willis	steelme	1	No specific role
cdaly	stef	1	No specific role
mlotko	stefan	1	No specific role
eibe	stemmers	1	No specific role
paynter	stemmers	1	No specific role
alan13	stepbystep	1	No specific role
flavio	stereogl	0	Developer
joekrahn	stereogl	1	No specific role
plexus73	sternenfeuer	1	No specific role
bastie	steuer	1	No specific role
ferg2k	stickleback	1	No specific role
mattzandstra	stickleback	1	All-Hands Person
castek	stlib	0	Developer
cermakm1	stlib	1	No specific role
andy_rushton	stlplus	1	Project Manager
bfomitch	stlport	1	Project Manager
complement	stlport	1	Project Manager
dums	stlport	1	Project Manager
zheng_li	stmlib	1	No specific role
stephanwiesner	stoffelloc	1	No specific role
sdanil	stool	1	No specific role
frenchmb	storcarman	1	No specific role
jazir1979	storcarman	0	Support Technician
lensborn	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
zdawg	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
mathiask	storyserver	1	No specific role
akunzle	storytime	1	All-Hands Person
cycozen	storytime	1	No specific role
psfblair	storytime	0	Developer
shanth	storytime	0	Developer
bryce	stp	1	Developer
bullpen	stp	1	Project Manager
judith_osdl	stp	1	Developer
markwkm	stp	1	Developer
ogasawara	stp	0	No specific role
plars	stp	0	Developer
staelin	stp	0	Developer
znmeb	stp	0	Developer
lakshmanok	streamdom	1	No specific role
aradeski	streamgpu	1	No specific role
rsiera	streamid	1	No specific role
darmot	strg-c	1	Developer
homework	strg-c	0	Developer
netteruser	strg-c	1	Distributor/Promoter
volknix	strg-c	1	No specific role
jksk	stringmanip	1	Project Manager
grnull	stringsearch	1	No specific role
efficacy	stringtree	1	All-Hands Person
mave_	stringtree	0	Developer
dugang	stripcc	1	No specific role
acinom	stripes-barcode	1	No specific role
jatzex	strom	1	No specific role
codecamel	strsw	0	No specific role
mis232	strsw	1	No specific role
tassiedevil	strsw	0	No specific role
goodger	structuredtext	1	Project Manager
cmyers	structuremap	1	Developer
derrickrapp	structuremap	1	Developer
flimflan	structuremap	1	Developer
jeffreypalermo	structuremap	1	Developer
jeremydmiller	structuremap	1	No specific role
afogleson	struts	0	Developer
basebeans	struts	0	Developer
bryanfe	struts	0	Developer
chr32	struts	0	Developer
danilogurovich	struts	0	Developer
ditling	struts	0	Developer
franciscus	struts	0	Developer
free2create	struts	1	Developer
fzammetti	struts	0	Developer
germuska	struts	1	Developer
gruvers	struts	0	Tester
gunboat	struts	0	Developer
jconradmn	struts	0	Developer
jholmes612	struts	1	Developer
jmikus	struts	1	Developer
jmitchtx	struts	1	Developer
johnwalker00	struts	0	Developer
mraible	struts	0	Developer
mrdon	struts	1	Developer
nheudecker	struts	0	Developer
paultsmith	struts	0	Developer
phasews	struts	0	Developer
pjaromin	struts	0	Developer
shains	struts	0	Developer
sraeburn	struts	1	Developer
thusted	struts	1	Project Manager
tm_jee	struts	1	Developer
weakestlink	struts	0	Developer
wellings	struts	0	Developer
woeye	struts	0	Developer
juvs	struts-gears	1	No specific role
ishabalov	struts-jdo	1	Project Manager
valeriy_p	struts-jdo	1	All-Hands Person
jason_pratt	struts-workflow	1	Developer
shirish_sakhare	struts-workflow	1	No specific role
petitpasdelune	struts2eclipse	1	No specific role
arcomat	struts4php	0	Developer
behounekc	struts4php	0	Developer
sasjadvolkd	struts4php	0	Developer
wagner83104	struts4php	1	Project Manager
willkommers	struts4php	1	No specific role
chrispix	strutstestcase	0	Developer
deryl	strutstestcase	1	No specific role
seanpritchard	strutstestcase	0	Developer
thusted	strutstestcase	0	Developer
fzammetti	strutsws	1	Project Manager
mmarcom	strutsws	0	Developer
iharbeck	strutter	1	Project Manager
costap	stu	1	No specific role
anandsaha	stupid-utils	1	No specific role
jpennal	stxx	1	Project Manager
lenisha	stxx	0	Developer
mrdon	stxx	1	Project Manager
pmode	styleassistant	1	All-Hands Person
bhumphreys	subethaclipse	1	No specific role
macason	subethaclipse	1	No specific role
vaugula	subethaclipse	1	No specific role
jsulliva	subnetcreator	1	No specific role
markstephens	sugarhouse	1	No specific role
huyd	suit	1	No specific role
onioni	suma	1	No specific role
ysnakano	suma	1	No specific role
muonman	summerframework	1	No specific role
sboisson	sunbeam	1	No specific role
anfern	sundowner	0	Developer
matrix--	sundowner	1	Project Manager
srojea	sundowner	0	Developer
varayacantuaria	sundowner	0	Developer
sungo	sungo	1	No specific role
jpelrine	sunit	1	Project Manager
odelljl	sunit	1	Developer
pwallimann	sunit	0	Developer
sames	sunit	1	Developer
odelljl	sunit-browser	1	No specific role
sunprofile	sunprofile	1	No specific role
wr0ngway	sunshade	1	No specific role
edson_goncalez	superwaba-ide	0	Developer
guich	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
wmitsuda	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
phustad	surrogate	1	No specific role
arunkw	surviving-bots	1	No specific role
arvindgupta	surviving-bots	0	Developer
drgrinch	surviving-bots	0	Developer
salilmohanty	surviving-bots	0	Analysis / Design
ummerfarookn	surviving-bots	0	Developer
zemartyr	surviving-bots	0	Developer
abcoates	sut	0	No specific role
alastair	sut	0	Developer
gavink	sut	1	No specific role
sebunger	sut	1	Developer
hadi_muchtar	sux-soa	1	No specific role
bhanu	sveccha	1	Developer
gmatrix	svendev	0	Developer
tomothy	svendev	1	Project Manager
adr2	sybaseclx	1	No specific role
sybr	sybr	1	No specific role
ispeters	sydney	1	No specific role
spaceshaker	sydney	0	No specific role
escoem	syfone	1	Project Manager
evapgiron	syfone	0	Developer
jhidalgo3	syfone	1	Project Manager
bircoph	symbol-lookup	1	No specific role
imaginetech	symphonycode	1	No specific role
lonebuzzard	symphonycode	0	Developer
rbhootra	symphonycode	0	Developer
gval	symtree	1	No specific role
bouncyj	sync-j	1	Project Manager
wwh	syncdet	1	No specific role
yelei	syncdet	0	Developer
medb	synd	1	No specific role
andycolson	synedit	0	No specific role
btm	synedit	0	No specific role
claplace	synedit	0	No specific role
c_schmitz	synedit	0	Developer
danysz	synedit	0	Developer
dhm	synedit	0	No specific role
dparnell	synedit	0	No specific role
drbrno	synedit	0	Developer
etrusco	synedit	1	All-Hands Person
gabr	synedit	0	No specific role
harmeister	synedit	1	Project Manager
hdlim	synedit	0	No specific role
jimrich	synedit	0	No specific role
jjans	synedit	0	Developer
jonfoster	synedit	0	No specific role
jrx	synedit	0	Developer
kirys	synedit	0	Developer
maelh	synedit	0	Developer
markonjezic	synedit	0	No specific role
marms	synedit	0	Developer
maysjw	synedit	0	Developer
miracle2k	synedit	0	No specific role
pazata	synedit	0	Developer
plpolak	synedit	0	Developer
satya	synedit	0	No specific role
sblbg	synedit	0	No specific role
skyweb	synedit	0	No specific role
smaughan	synedit	0	No specific role
springob	synedit	0	No specific role
svanas	synedit	0	No specific role
tcaduto	synedit	0	No specific role
krebu	synonymeditor	1	No specific role
mguenter	synonymeditor	1	Project Manager
syracus2	syracus-spring	1	No specific role
syracus2	syracus-stripes	1	Developer
knikon	syscriptor	1	Developer
panser	syscriptor	1	Tester
stigmux	syscriptor	0	Developer
syscriptor	syscriptor	1	Project Manager
thul	syscriptor	1	Developer
ansch	syspect	0	Developer
daoloth	syspect	0	Developer
guen	syspect	0	Developer
honksbot	syspect	0	Developer
j_arnold	syspect	0	Developer
konsens	syspect	0	Developer
mcmoe	syspect	0	Developer
nikijdq	syspect	1	Developer
n_hapke	syspect	0	Developer
oclanis	syspect	1	Developer
peshk	syspect	0	Developer
randomxx	syspect	0	Developer
redhots	syspect	0	Developer
wenzelc1980	syspect	0	Developer
hagenyer	systemglass	1	No specific role
matsys	systemtools	1	No specific role
tassiedevil	systemtools	0	Project Manager
gleicon	systhread	0	All-Hands Person
jayrfink	systhread	1	No specific role
daveselinger	systray	1	Developer
ribizli	systray	1	No specific role
armel	systux	0	Developer
mokhtari_fares	systux	1	No specific role
mpasini	systux	0	Developer
brunocarle	sywico	1	No specific role
clneumann	t-gtk	0	No specific role
gamaliel0763	t-gtk	0	No specific role
kuato	t-gtk	0	No specific role
marcosgambeta	t-gtk	0	No specific role
riztan	t-gtk	0	No specific role
rosenwla	t-gtk	0	No specific role
xthefull	t-gtk	1	Project Manager
clawsss	t2web	1	Developer
titanandrews	tablediff	1	No specific role
albel	tabletag	1	No specific role
gabrielteratos	tabulation	1	No specific role
andyhot	tacos	1	Developer
darkeye	tacos	0	Developer
gabrielha	tacos	0	Developer
ideasculptor	tacos	0	Developer
idrobiazko	tacos	0	Developer
jeje	tacos	0	Developer
jkuhnert	tacos	1	Developer
leoquijano	tacos	0	Developer
phraktle	tacos	1	Project Manager
sdanig	tacos	0	Developer
sunfmin	tacos	0	Developer
zombi	tacos	0	No specific role
ngan	tagbrowser	1	No specific role
cjstehno	taggerplugin	1	No specific role
essmann	taglets	1	Developer
traber	taglets	1	No specific role
knigge	taglibtools	1	No specific role
biswapesh	tagmanager	1	No specific role
osmo	tagmgr	1	No specific role
baykit	tagprint	1	No specific role
makotos	tagprint	1	Project Manager
micci	tagprint	1	Project Manager
reval	tagprint	1	Developer
hkiemes	tagsearch	1	No specific role
hendriks73	tagtraum-jo	1	No specific role
mn_de	tagtraum-jo	0	Developer
timoross	tagtraum-jo	0	Developer
sam_dalton	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
simon_g_brown	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
objektiv	tailforwin32	1	No specific role
paulperkins	tailforwin32	1	Project Manager
ragamuffin	tailforwin32	0	Developer
warlock00	tailforwin32	0	Developer
sonbuianh	tailormanager	1	No specific role
dbai	tajaxable	1	Developer
joannafan	tajaxable	1	Developer
scw1109	tajaxable	1	Developer
eisenmann	talks2	1	Project Manager
wursterj	talks2	1	No specific role
n_seshadri	tamiltools	1	Project Manager
sivaraj	tamiltools	1	All-Hands Person
ipriha	tammi	1	Developer
mpriha	tammi	1	Developer
petays	tammi	0	Developer
bryan_se	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
generalgherkin	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
jdmartinez	tanglekit	0	Developer
lynix	tanglekit	0	Developer
tek2001x	tanglekit	0	Developer
mathis	tango	1	No specific role
sandroheitz	tango	0	No specific role
glongman	tapestry	0	Developer
hship	tapestry	1	Developer
mindbridge	tapestry	0	Developer
rlewisshell	tapestry	0	Developer
scornflake	tapestry	0	Developer
lutzh	tapestry-jcr	1	No specific role
nebu_pookins	tarmak	1	No specific role
soulrift	tarmak	0	Developer
biglug	tasc	1	No specific role
raufi	taskbean	1	Project Manager
tahasam	taskbean	1	Project Manager
joiellis	taskit	1	All-Hands Person
valdarez	taskit	1	Project Manager
hellmasterita	taskman	1	No specific role
mati_pl	taskplanner	1	No specific role
natet	tasksw	1	No specific role
skiminki	tautomaton	1	Project Manager
shammah	tba-py	1	No specific role
redbomberman	tbaproductions	1	No specific role
tomasvilda	tbarcode	1	No specific role
blkonblk	tbroot	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
netaustin	tbroot	0	Developer
panhead490	tbroot	0	Developer
theodiggers	tbroot	1	Project Manager
ecocode	tbt	1	All-Hands Person
tburgler	tburgler	1	No specific role
terracotta	tc-ehcache	1	No specific role
little_freaky	tc-ipod-plugin	1	No specific role
arunarunarun	tcalc	0	Project Manager
peacekeeper	tcalc	0	Tester
univxasm	tcalc	1	All-Hands Person
a_thiele	tce	1	Developer
carnege	tce	0	No specific role
talidat	tce	1	No specific role
sarnold75	tcl-pkg	1	No specific role
cyan	tcl-tlc	1	No specific role
petasis	tclagent	1	No specific role
macbishop	tclap	1	Developer
mes5k	tclap	1	No specific role
zeekec	tclap	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	tclapplescript	0	Developer
bdesgraupes	tclapplescript	1	No specific role
das	tclapplescript	1	Project Manager
roadkillbunny	tclcanvas	1	Project Manager
wenig17	tclcompress	1	No specific role
angra	tclfr	1	No specific role
bazz	tclfr	1	No specific role
darkevil	tclfr	0	No specific role
tst	tclfr	1	No specific role
breadcrust	tclgbp	1	No specific role
jaspp	tclgbp	1	Developer
kraney	tclish	1	No specific role
marhar	tclish	1	No specific role
mmclennan	tclish	1	No specific role
martinlemburg	tclmapi	1	No specific role
hobbs	tclodbc	1	No specific role
rnurmi	tclodbc	1	All-Hands Person
schoepe	tclsnippets	1	No specific role
matben	tclspeech	1	No specific role
robert_seeger	tclstubs	1	No specific role
dennis2	tcltextedit	1	Developer
puffmagicdragon	tcltextedit	0	Developer
patthoyts	tcludp	1	Developer
xiaotaow	tcludp	1	Project Manager
kenstir	tclunit	1	No specific role
jscottb	tclvs	1	No specific role
ricardoj	tclwebcompanion	1	No specific role
jesjones	tcom	1	No specific role
miketyler	tcpcomponents	1	No specific role
antonb	tdb	1	No specific role
ben	tdb	1	No specific role
conrad	tdb	0	Developer
cyeoh	tdb	1	No specific role
dave0	tdb	0	No specific role
jeremy	tdb	1	No specific role
mbp	tdb	0	Developer
rusty	tdb	1	No specific role
tpot	tdb	1	No specific role
tridge	tdb	1	No specific role
godp	tdbsql	0	Developer
hajvan	tdbsql	0	Unix Admin
kangling	tdbsql	0	No specific role
psypath	tdbsql	1	No specific role
andrea_piovesan	tdbtreeview	1	No specific role
atinkham	tde	0	No specific role
dcorbin	tde	1	No specific role
saas2813	tde	0	No specific role
shwetarajkot	tdlplayground	1	No specific role
tebis	tdmlib	1	Project Manager
atownley	te-code	1	No specific role
cpernaut	teampuzzle	0	No specific role
marciodeg	teampuzzle	1	No specific role
micmanos	teamsync	1	No specific role
roman_k	teamtrac	1	No specific role
chessh	tease	1	No specific role
dek0000	technoforge	1	No specific role
shanky_tiwari	tee	1	No specific role
ben_christian	teenylime	0	Developer
bronwasser	teenylime	0	Developer
lmottola	teenylime	1	No specific role
paolinux78	teenylime	1	Project Manager
teranova1969	teevee	1	No specific role
arnold81	teleport	1	No specific role
ruben1980	teleport	1	Developer
rgammans	telo	1	No specific role
vrruiz	templage	1	No specific role
operator_smooth	template	1	No specific role
manu_mr	template-lang	0	Analysis / Design
vishnu_pillai	template-lang	1	No specific role
iwaim	template-viewer	0	Developer
ktat	template-viewer	1	Developer
adam410	tempophp	1	No specific role
burlog	teng	0	Developer
chose	teng	0	Web Designer
phuture	teng	0	No specific role
romanmarek	teng	0	Developer
solamyl	teng	1	Project Manager
sten__	teng	0	Developer
vasek	teng	1	Project Manager
teniga	teniga	1	No specific role
nkuitse	teskrel	1	No specific role
bcurtis	tesly	1	Project Manager
rmccullough	tesly	0	Developer
aaronwhittier	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
dranatunga	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
bahgdadc	testfoundry	1	Developer
dmgass	testgen	1	No specific role
tjhart	testkit	1	All-Hands Person
alandpearson	testmaster	1	No specific role
bahgdadc	testmaster	0	Developer
lexusolution	testmaster	0	Developer
luano	testpilot	1	Developer
valcas	testpilot	1	No specific role
yoshigoya	teststudio	1	No specific role
tetsujin	tetsujin	1	No specific role
alexl	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
jscheid	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
ljulliar	texidoclet	1	No specific role
oblomov	texlib	1	No specific role
skunk	texlib	0	Developer
stefanoss	texlib	0	Developer
thorkri	text	1	No specific role
enders	textconv	1	No specific role
cmweat01	textconverter	1	No specific role
dfrey42	textfilt	1	No specific role
n3t0	textflow	1	No specific role
yurimalheiros	textflow	1	Developer
littlecooldude	textmenu	1	Developer
pbklink	tfieldedtext	1	No specific role
dwichman	tghcache	1	Developer
bobvodka	tgtl	1	Developer
muhkuh25	tgtl	0	Developer
suriver	tgtl	0	Developer
dawus	thallo	1	No specific role
astar_	the7bind	1	No specific role
exile57	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
nathasm	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
ostersc	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
panman75	theanvil	0	Developer
shannonhastings	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
softwareserf	theanvil	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
willgorman	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
amon-theba	thebadb	1	No specific role
martinjakubik	theclublisher	1	Project Manager
tabmaster	thefigaro	1	No specific role
nothingelz	theida	1	No specific role
codebert9	theide	1	No specific role
philiplindsay	themongoose	1	No specific role
birnfeld	theopenengine	1	No specific role
badnick	thep2plattice	0	Developer
eldaly	thep2plattice	1	Project Manager
shepdog	thep2plattice	0	Developer
caj	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
davidhutton	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
purplechap	thespg	1	Editorial/Content Writer
vsprog	thespg	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rsquared	thexfile	1	No specific role
julien-perret	thinkcollabs	1	No specific role
lionel_b	thinkcollabs	1	No specific role
aertl	thinking-forth	0	Developer
alive-dsn	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
beroset	thinking-forth	0	Developer
frer	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jhoger	thinking-forth	1	Project Manager
lesto	thinking-forth	0	Developer
masamic	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
meldrum	thinking-forth	0	Developer
nmh	thinking-forth	0	Developer
paysan	thinking-forth	1	Developer
yozefg	thinking-forth	0	Developer
dwhall	thmonkeeproject	1	No specific role
nekronomekron	thor	1	No specific role
jdavies	thorn	1	No specific role
cdrnet	threadmsg	1	No specific role
cass	threads	0	Developer
hanseno	threads	1	Project Manager
ashmore_dc	threadworks	1	No specific role
rootbear	thumbview	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
seriema	thumbview	1	Developer
mizar_sf	thunderblitz	1	No specific role
thycotic	thycotic-data	1	No specific role
axionet	thymedes	1	Project Manager
payement	ti89editor	1	Project Manager
stephan_chaud	tide	1	No specific role
arnaud02	tidy	0	Developer
creitzel	tidy	1	Developer
draggett	tidy	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
hoehrmann	tidy	1	Developer
krusch	tidy	0	Developer
lpassey	tidy	0	Developer
terry_teague	tidy	1	Developer
fcarlier	tidyfornet	1	No specific role
creitzel	tidywrap	1	No specific role
msalias	tieradapter	1	Project Manager
omarbellio	tieradapter	0	Developer
rubenrovira	tieradapter	1	Developer
netaman	tigre	1	No specific role
viet	tigre	1	Developer
architekt	tilelib	1	No specific role
natgio	time-table4u	1	No specific role
alphaprojects	timeandmoney	0	No specific role
bchawk	timeandmoney	1	Content Management
btbuxton	timeandmoney	1	Project Manager
ericevans	timeandmoney	1	No specific role
johndcorbett	timeandmoney	0	Developer
sadehb	timeandmoney	0	Developer
westajay	timeandmoney	0	Doc Writer
banuradha	timeclipse	0	Developer
bphanikumar	timeclipse	1	Developer
enders	timecontrol	1	No specific role
wojdyla	timeplaner	1	No specific role
nottrz	timerplugin	1	No specific role
camk	timetrack	0	Developer
javajedi	timetrack	1	No specific role
kaczula	timetrack	0	Developer
paulseamus	timetrack	1	Developer
sfbouchard	timetrack	0	Developer
nierbeck	timetrackplugin	1	No specific role
millershane	tinternetquery	1	No specific role
fagiano	tiny-rex	1	No specific role
jaalto	tiny-tools	1	Project Manager
berlangero	tiny-workflow	1	No specific role
rrokytskyy	tinybird	1	No specific role
theworld40	tinycfg	1	No specific role
alben	tinycxx	1	No specific role
rrnn97	tinycxx	1	Project Manager
alexmcmanus	tinyndi	1	No specific role
caiyu	tinyprinter	1	No specific role
gbevin	tinyqt	1	No specific role
michelg	tinysh	1	No specific role
the-moog	tinysh	1	No specific role
egladysh	tinytl	1	No specific role
amms	tinywidgets	0	No specific role
navs	tinywidgets	0	No specific role
sunil_s	tinywidgets	1	No specific role
ellers88	tinyxml	0	Developer
leethomason	tinyxml	1	No specific role
yvesb	tinyxml	0	No specific role
chenyj	tinyxml4j	1	Project Manager
andrewdenton	tiopf	0	Developer
discosys	tiopf	1	Developer
graemeg	tiopf	1	Developer
jarrodh	tiopf	0	Developer
phinrichsen	tiopf	1	Project Manager
pmcnab	tiopf	0	Developer
pvspain	tiopf	0	Developer
ross_trusler	tiopf	0	Developer
rerng007	tipitaka	1	No specific role
danbrown	titan	1	Project Manager
rtalbutt	titan	1	No specific role
clwalk	tjdo	0	Developer
jackknifebarber	tjdo	1	Developer
jblanton	tjdo	0	Developer
pierreg0	tjdo	0	Developer
studerby	tjdo	1	Project Manager
wordtech	tk-components	1	No specific role
aqumsieh	tk-mdi	1	All-Hands Person
goodcall	tk-mdi	1	All-Hands Person
bernd-ruecker	tk4jbpm	1	No specific role
hobbs	tkcon	1	No specific role
patthoyts	tkcon	1	All-Hands Person
danc2k2	tkdev	1	No specific role
janusfury	tkdev	0	Developer
tkeuix	tkdev	0	Developer
boakley	tkdiff	1	No specific role
dorothyr	tkdiff	0	Developer
klassa	tkdiff	1	All-Hands Person
krumms	tkf	1	No specific role
fbonnet	tkgs	1	No specific role
hobbs	tkgs	1	No specific role
mdejong	tkgs	1	No specific role
phelps	tkman	1	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tktable	0	Developer
damonc	tktable	0	Developer
davygrvy	tktable	0	Developer
ericm	tktable	1	No specific role
hobbs	tktable	1	No specific role
jenglish	tktable	1	Project Manager
muonics	tktable	0	Developer
patthoyts	tktable	1	Developer
petasis	tktable	0	Developer
tallniel	tktable	0	Developer
dhiren	tktk	1	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tktreectrl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
hobbs	tktreectrl	1	No specific role
hobbs2	tktreectrl	0	No specific role
krischan	tktreectrl	0	No specific role
treectrl	tktreectrl	1	No specific role
clpoda	tktut	1	No specific role
ccleva	tlabs	1	Project Manager
flibuste	tlabs	1	Project Manager
kl-icann	tld-validation	1	No specific role
limhanchul	tle	0	Developer
madvirus	tle	1	No specific role
myway310	tle	0	No specific role
dgasaway	tlistviewq	1	No specific role
ecky-l	tloona	1	No specific role
aborr	tls	0	No specific role
hobbs	tls	1	No specific role
hobbs2	tls	0	No specific role
patthoyts	tls	0	Developer
razzell	tls	1	Developer
scottg	tls	0	No specific role
zoro2	tls	0	Developer
gra_moore	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
grove	tmapi	0	Developer
kal_ahmed	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
larsga	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
lheuer	tmapi	0	Developer
lischke2	tmapi	0	Developer
pleasereferto	tmessage	1	No specific role
apataki	tmplugin	1	No specific role
gra_moore	tmwsi	1	No specific role
ned14	tnfox	1	Project Manager
coombez	toast	1	No specific role
bobbyone	toaster	0	No specific role
bobsky	toaster	1	No specific role
hpmad	toaster	0	No specific role
alchemar	tolop	1	Developer
signature	tolop	1	Developer
takumanjiro	tolstoj	1	No specific role
beeson	tomcatide	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bornik	tomcatide	1	No specific role
dev2null	tomcatide	1	No specific role
haqwin	tomcatide	1	Graphic/Other Designer
mberg	tomcatide	1	No specific role
pean	tomcatide	1	No specific role
tigermalinen	tomcatide	1	Developer
lasa	tome	1	No specific role
peejeh	tonic	1	No specific role
hieuhn	tonkin	1	Project Manager
hoangvv	tonkin	1	Project Manager
fortuna	toolbag	1	No specific role
clinckarts	toolbox	1	No specific role
marc_andrysco	toolc	1	No specific role
vaebn_kehn	toolc	0	Developer
carldmitch	tools4java	0	No specific role
james-mitchell	tools4java	1	Project Manager
eric451	toolsync	1	No specific role
topas2d	topas2d	1	No specific role
maciekmazur	topclipse	1	No specific role
nelson_r_furlan	topog	1	No specific role
abulava	torba	1	Developer
maxim-r	torba	1	No specific role
marcus_uni	torero	1	No specific role
schwab001	torero	1	Project Manager
dasdirk	torm	1	No specific role
f121465	torqi	1	No specific role
beffy	torqueide	1	Project Manager
xagon7	torqueide	0	Developer
tenar	tosl	1	No specific role
alasota	toster	1	Project Manager
snowak1	toster	1	Project Manager
albion	totalsecurity	1	No specific role
mtirnanic	totaltext	1	No specific role
billg	tourk	1	No specific role
touzas	touzas	1	No specific role
rillig	towers-of-hanoi	1	No specific role
fsaenzperez	toy	1	No specific role
arlm	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
autowitch	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
benoram	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
capeterson	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tpabbrevia	1	No specific role
chomse	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
corneliusd	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
fredhuffman	tpabbrevia	1	No specific role
jkaster	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
pblarsen	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
ricola71	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
tpsfadmin	tpabbrevia	1	No specific role
zunz	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpapro	1	No specific role
benoram	tpapro	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpapro	1	No specific role
chomse	tpapro	0	No specific role
coyote65	tpapro	1	No specific role
derbas	tpapro	0	Developer
donhill	tpapro	0	Developer
fredhuffman	tpapro	1	No specific role
hdanzl	tpapro	0	No specific role
kmorwood	tpapro	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpapro	0	No specific role
pbreneman	tpapro	0	No specific role
philippejbruno	tpapro	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpapro	0	No specific role
robroberts	tpapro	0	Developer
sammy_c	tpapro	0	Developer
sboyd	tpapro	1	Developer
thorsten_engler	tpapro	0	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpapro	1	No specific role
whosyrdaddy	tpapro	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
benoram	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
chomse	tpaproclx	0	Developer
coyote65	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
donhill	tpaproclx	0	Developer
hdanzl	tpaproclx	0	Developer
kmorwood	tpaproclx	0	Developer
ozmosys	tpaproclx	0	Developer
pbreneman	tpaproclx	0	No specific role
philippejbruno	tpaproclx	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpaproclx	0	Tester
thorsten_engler	tpaproclx	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
benoram	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
robertjlove	tpbtreefiler	0	No specific role
robroberts	tpbtreefiler	1	Project Manager
tpsfadmin	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpessence	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpessence	0	No specific role
benoram	tpessence	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpessence	1	No specific role
corneliusd	tpessence	0	Developer
donhill	tpessence	1	No specific role
mlopezvrus	tpessence	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpessence	0	No specific role
surehand	tpessence	0	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpessence	1	No specific role
kostus2	tpfl	1	No specific role
benoram	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
chomse	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
ebakkest	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
pblarsen	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpflashfiler	0	Developer
surehand	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
thorsten_engler	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
wyszkowski	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpipro	0	No specific role
beermandan	tpipro	0	Developer
benoram	tpipro	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpipro	1	No specific role
chomse	tpipro	0	No specific role
donhill	tpipro	0	No specific role
fredhuffman	tpipro	1	No specific role
kmorwood	tpipro	0	No specific role
mkaemmerer	tpipro	1	Developer
om-bill	tpipro	0	No specific role
pblarsen	tpipro	0	No specific role
pbreneman	tpipro	0	No specific role
philippejbruno	tpipro	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpipro	0	No specific role
surehand	tpipro	1	Project Manager
tpsfadmin	tpipro	1	No specific role
autowitch	tplockbox	0	No specific role
benoram	tplockbox	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tplockbox	1	No specific role
chomse	tplockbox	0	No specific role
corneliusd	tplockbox	0	Developer
eadiaz	tplockbox	0	Developer
fredhuffman	tplockbox	1	No specific role
om-bill	tplockbox	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tplockbox	0	No specific role
paulfox	tplockbox	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tplockbox	0	Project Manager
robroberts	tplockbox	0	Developer
thorsten_engler	tplockbox	0	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tplockbox	1	No specific role
benoram	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
robertjlove	tpofficepartner	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
autowitch	tponguard	0	No specific role
benoram	tponguard	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tponguard	1	No specific role
corneliusd	tponguard	0	Developer
fredhuffman	tponguard	1	No specific role
jgxenite	tponguard	0	Developer
kmorwood	tponguard	0	No specific role
om-bill	tponguard	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tponguard	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tponguard	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tponguard	1	No specific role
ahaines	tponguardclx	1	Project Manager
benoram	tpopro	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpopro	1	No specific role
andrewdenton	tporpheus	0	No specific role
autowitch	tporpheus	0	No specific role
benoram	tporpheus	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tporpheus	1	No specific role
coderwriter99	tporpheus	0	Developer
corneliusd	tporpheus	0	No specific role
lholmgren	tporpheus	0	Developer
om-bill	tporpheus	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tporpheus	0	No specific role
pblanton	tporpheus	1	No specific role
pblarsen	tporpheus	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tporpheus	0	Developer
robroberts	tporpheus	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tporpheus	1	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
benoram	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
corneliusd	tpshellshock	0	Developer
om-bill	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpshellshock	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
autowitch	tpsrmgr	0	No specific role
benoram	tpsrmgr	1	Developer
chaoticpup	tpsrmgr	0	No specific role
coyote65	tpsrmgr	1	No specific role
surehand	tpsrmgr	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpsrmgr	1	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpsystools	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpsystools	0	No specific role
benoram	tpsystools	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpsystools	1	No specific role
chomse	tpsystools	0	No specific role
corneliusd	tpsystools	0	Developer
fredhuffman	tpsystools	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpsystools	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpsystools	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpsystools	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpsystools	0	No specific role
robroberts	tpsystools	0	Developer
thorsten_engler	tpsystools	0	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpsystools	1	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
benoram	tpsystoolskylix	1	No specific role
chomse	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
fredhuffman	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
robroberts	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
thorsten_engler	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpsystoolskylix	1	No specific role
andrewdenton	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
benoram	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
cjuergens	tpvplanit	0	Developer
ebakkest	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
mogambo	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
pblanton	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
robertjlove	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
sjordi	tpvplanit	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
voxik	tpvplanit	0	Developer
lholmgren	tpxmlpartner	0	Project Manager
richardlight	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpxmlpartner	1	Unix Admin
vrecion	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
igorzolnikov	trac-netbeans	1	No specific role
nihilisticz	trac2jira	1	No specific role
m3t30r1c	tracelog	1	All-Hands Person
hiro_hiro	tracide	1	No specific role
beepee357	tractim	1	No specific role
mstefek	transedit	1	No specific role
ariya	transgl	1	No specific role
wstokes	transgl	1	Developer
arvindgopal	translet	0	Developer
fullertonguy	translet	0	No specific role
mkarthikeyan	translet	1	No specific role
sujk	translet	1	Developer
sunil_kosalge	translet	0	Developer
fuzzyfrog	transmogrify	1	No specific role
jpnp	transmogrify	0	Developer
lsusatyo	transmogrify	0	No specific role
pmgremo	transmogrify	0	No specific role
smileyy	transmogrify	1	Project Manager
yayo75	trashy	1	No specific role
emb	treecomp	1	Project Manager
iherwig	treecomp	0	Developer
groffj	treepool	1	No specific role
tals	treexml	1	Project Manager
dgasaway	tregstore	1	No specific role
belmond	tresframework	1	No specific role
daimon_hall	triassic	1	Support Manager
dudeofx	triassic	1	Developer
pda	triassic	1	Developer
spartan5	triassic	1	Project Manager
the_moon	triassic	0	Developer
xentac	triassic	1	Developer
arguile_althor	trilldev	0	Developer
azhrarnlod	trilldev	1	Project Manager
dreadnoughtgav	trilldev	0	Graphic/Other Designer
nathanhart	trilldev	0	Developer
nemesis2	trilldev	0	All-Hands Person
rf_hunter	trilldev	0	Developer
tometheus	trilldev	0	Developer
vacuum	trilldev	0	Developer
cirdan	trimeshloader	1	No specific role
bluedavy	triones	1	Project Manager
brokendoor	triones	1	No specific role
fangl	triones	0	Developer
bokowski	tritos	1	No specific role
frankgerhardt	tritos	0	No specific role
mvmsoft	tritos	0	Developer
klaufer	triveni	1	No specific role
wsjradha	triveni	1	Developer
mlamb	trivialpersist	1	No specific role
slogan621	trixul	1	No specific role
guyg42	trmi	1	No specific role
cafxx	trng	1	No specific role
bog2731	trogh	1	No specific role
e-poison	trotter-cvt	1	No specific role
e-poison	trotter-dom	1	No specific role
ericdf	trove4j	1	No specific role
gann	trove4j	0	Developer
robeden	trove4j	0	Developer
gursoybu	trperl	1	No specific role
cschlichtherle	truevfs	1	No specific role
cschlichtherle	truezip	1	No specific role
lhduc	truonganh	1	No specific role
jacobdp	trvm	1	Project Manager
logosys	trvm	0	Developer
saachi	trvm	0	Developer
friseb123	tsauto	1	No specific role
eokk	tsguwm	1	No specific role
pats536	tsguwm	1	No specific role
mourngrym1969	tsmgr	1	No specific role
vietor	tsplus	1	No specific role
timeslicer	tsqueue	1	No specific role
viewpl	tstl2cl	1	No specific role
gjj	tsunamic	1	No specific role
csnell	ttftp	0	Developer
davidv	ttftp	0	All-Hands Person
wilko	ttftp	1	All-Hands Person
vasiljevic	ttrace	1	No specific role
qinghu	ttsfirefoxext	1	No specific role
castano	tu-testbed	0	Developer
rsavoye	tu-testbed	0	Developer
shaver	tu-testbed	0	Developer
tbp	tu-testbed	0	Developer
tulrich	tu-testbed	1	Project Manager
vitaly-a	tu-testbed	0	Developer
wkokke	tu-testbed	0	Developer
schveiguy	tucs	1	No specific role
fbos	tuplespace	1	No specific role
dtranche	turbopad	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
mattwat	turbopad	1	Project Manager
ircturk	turkdrop	1	No specific role
stonkeep	turkdrop	1	Project Manager
tutorialcms	tutorialcms	1	No specific role
albert-thuis	tutti	0	Developer
erwinn	tutti	1	No specific role
arn00	tuxexploftp	1	No specific role
opetzold	tvmet	1	Project Manager
apnadkarni	twapi	1	All-Hands Person
twbsd	twbsdbug	1	No specific role
sventantau	twe	1	No specific role
hallvar	twebs	1	No specific role
jmenard	twice	1	No specific role
j_armstrong	twice	1	All-Hands Person
ehjansson	twineproject	1	No specific role
vamp201	twist	1	No specific role
kurtie	twostep	1	Project Manager
manelka	twostep	0	Developer
minkiux	tx-engine	1	Project Manager
chgerkens	tx4j	1	Project Manager
sadi_melbouci	txconnect	1	Project Manager
bpdxstaff	txmlini	0	Developer
kerrid	txmlini	0	Developer
marcin_ktos	txmlini	1	Project Manager
thazel	txobject	1	Project Manager
daniel-gouveia	txt2tags-editor	1	Unix Admin
eduardorotta	txt2tags-editor	1	No specific role
ramiroluz	txt2tags-editor	1	Developer
martin3	txt2xml	1	Unix Admin
smeyfroi	txt2xml	1	No specific role
sourceclint	txt2xml	0	Developer
vrusu	txt2xml	1	Project Manager
eroosa	txtools	1	No specific role
dumky	typekeydotnet	1	No specific role
jburdick	typo	1	No specific role
tilly_2	u-toolz	1	No specific role
jlaangry	u3apps	1	No specific role
clansfor	uacm	0	Developer
scott_schrecken	uacm	1	Project Manager
dragontunguk	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
duncan	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
ivan_r_moore	uberunit	1	No specific role
andyhubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Developer
neilwubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Project Manager
ubmatrix-xbrl	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	No specific role
dl748	ubuilder	1	No specific role
cxbest	uced	0	No specific role
dnair	uced	0	Developer
firefly07	uced	0	Developer
mohamedmansour	uced	0	No specific role
ssteph	uced	1	No specific role
cyclonurb	uceditor	1	No specific role
dokterx	uceditor	0	No specific role
iainmcgin	uceditor	1	Project Manager
jay_clark	uceditor	0	Developer
jerome-x	uceditor	1	No specific role
christianhjw	uci	1	Developer
cookieman_k	uci	1	Developer
foogod	uci	1	Project Manager
suiryc	uci	0	Developer
damyot	ucmexporter	0	No specific role
jamel_hassine	ucmexporter	0	No specific role
shleh	ucmexporter	1	No specific role
dyfet	ucommon	1	No specific role
dbjh	ucon64	1	Developer
johndie	ucon64	0	Developer
jwjw	ucon64	0	Developer
noisyb	ucon64	1	Developer
trgse	ucon64	0	Developer
gabriel_bornia	ucpapyrus	1	No specific role
rottmann	ucxx	1	No specific role
chamibang	uddp	0	Developer
pondu	uddp	1	No specific role
pdovydaitis	udengine	1	No specific role
kckrinke	udpm	1	Project Manager
digitalart	udsl	1	No specific role
brunorezende	uemr	1	Project Manager
carlosmurray	uemr	0	Developer
eaugsten	uemr	1	Project Manager
mbax	uemr	1	No specific role
kevinrosenberg	uffi	1	No specific role
ferraro	ufsc	1	Project Manager
cptfuture	ugt	1	No specific role
uhfadmin	uhf-project	1	No specific role
paralizer	uhook	1	No specific role
conjurer	uidk	1	No specific role
chrriis	uihierarchy	1	No specific role
peastman	uikit	1	No specific role
jo_vermeulen	uimldotnet	0	Developer
kluyten	uimldotnet	1	No specific role
takis	uimldotnet	0	Developer
axis3x3	uireview	1	No specific role
fasten	ujemacs	1	No specific role
ruixing123	uldod	1	No specific role
rhallier	ultim	1	Project Manager
wsonic	ultim	0	Developer
ajs84	ultrazig	1	No specific role
exophase	ultrazig	0	Developer
macgyver014	ultrazig	1	Project Manager
halo09	uma	1	Project Manager
rampart	uma	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jsheets	umber	1	No specific role
omee	umbertoo	1	No specific role
feod	umds	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ilgizar	umds	1	Project Manager
lomark	umds	1	No specific role
mandry	umds	1	Project Manager
donnie_darko	uml	1	Developer
gis	uml	0	Developer
gmadrigal	uml	0	Developer
jkrueger1	uml	0	Developer
jriddell	uml	1	Project Manager
lparrab	uml	0	Developer
okellogg	uml	1	No specific role
paza	uml	0	Developer
phensgen	uml	1	No specific role
sharanrao	uml	1	No specific role
wturkal	uml	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
nrivard	uml-xchange	1	No specific role
acsacs	uml4j	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
caique	uml4j	0	Requirements Engineering
cristianivilela	uml4j	0	Developer
fernandolerner	uml4j	1	Project Manager
galttar	uml4j	1	Project Manager
marconidias	uml4j	0	Developer
massayoshi	uml4j	0	Developer
mecva	uml4j	1	Project Manager
sandroj	uml4j	0	Developer
yorevs	uml4j	0	Developer
icurafu	umlaide	1	No specific role
pvlasov	umlapi	1	No specific role
happytewf	umldot	0	Developer
isa1	umldot	0	Developer
javababa	umldot	0	Developer
jhenyal	umldot	1	Project Manager
bplasmeijer	umlsculptor	0	Developer
dgmg	umlsculptor	0	Developer
djolic	umlsculptor	0	Project Manager
guiremach	umlsculptor	0	Developer
gunner	umlsculptor	1	Project Manager
klhurley	umlsculptor	1	Developer
lemo	umlsculptor	1	All-Hands Person
muralimahesh	umlsculptor	0	Developer
nmurar01	umlsculptor	0	No specific role
rgsmith	umlsculptor	0	No specific role
rsendhil	umlsculptor	0	Developer
scoobie1	umlsculptor	0	Developer
wizatt	umlsculptor	0	No specific role
irenelo	umlvm	0	No specific role
kindshit	umlvm	0	No specific role
lsomchai	umlvm	0	Developer
weerasak	umlvm	1	No specific role
loic	unac	1	No specific role
davewraight	uncleunc	0	Developer
ulunum	uncleunc	1	Project Manager
elmuerte	uncodex	1	Developer
bakusf	underscormalloc	1	No specific role
chousz	undigester	1	No specific role
cupertinomir	unidapt	0	Developer
gfursin	unidapt	1	No specific role
sebpop	unidapt	0	No specific role
ma_reklov	unidbl	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	unigw	1	No specific role
dooglio2	unigw	1	Developer
vetalix	unihighlighter	1	No specific role
hoehrmann	uninorm	1	No specific role
porton	uniparser	1	No specific role
legolas558	uniportio	1	All-Hands Person
dcook32p	unisef	1	No specific role
ishai	unitee	1	Unix Admin
odedblayer	unitee	0	Developer
guru_greg	unitest	1	No specific role
techentin	units	1	Project Manager
jonshute	unittest	1	No specific role
steveconlan	unittest	0	Developer
mrbbc	univerc	1	All-Hands Person
sachinspc1	univerc	0	Developer
bonk1138	unixnet	1	Project Manager
cavalier	unpaste	1	No specific role
hiebel	unpic	0	Developer
rudnai	unpic	1	Project Manager
velco	unwind	1	No specific role
matrix--	unwritten	1	No specific role
trudslev	uoaid	1	Project Manager
aldettmer	uopl	0	No specific role
bsstmiller	uopl	1	Project Manager
dlandi	uopl	0	Developer
elitedev	uopl	0	No specific role
gwardell	uopl	0	Developer
laotze	uopl	0	Doc Writer
martijntonies	uopl	0	Developer
oro06	uopl	0	No specific role
tnt9062	updater	1	No specific role
aris002	upp	0	Support Manager
ebo	upp	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
fallingdutch	upp	0	Developer
fidler	upp	1	No specific role
freetogo	upp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
hojtsy	upp	1	Web Designer
jancasper	upp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rylek	upp	1	Developer
unodgs	upp	1	Developer
dbush01	uptimenotifier	1	Project Manager
tessein	uptimenotifier	1	No specific role
toanthrax	upxer	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
yetifoot	upxer	1	Project Manager
diilbert	upxgui	0	Developer
lowjoel	upxgui	1	Project Manager
dadutchman	urisyntaxcheck	1	No specific role
datawhore	urivalidator	1	No specific role
ivarch	urqm	1	No specific role
e_the_sad	urt	1	No specific role
keidel	usarena	1	No specific role
vii	usb-robot	1	No specific role
abergler	usbindicator	1	No specific role
lpezet	usecase	1	No specific role
romaicus	usecase	0	Analysis / Design
seokjin	usemodj	1	No specific role
paulrene	usemon	1	No specific role
fellipeh	usercontrolpro	1	No specific role
pettys	userstorynet	1	Project Manager
reyes	ustring	1	No specific role
kchaddha	utctrackingtool	0	Developer
sakiv	utctrackingtool	1	Project Manager
emacla	utd	1	No specific role
uppal_s	uthread	1	No specific role
kidchaos2k6	uthreed	1	No specific role
rich_sposato	utilparsers	1	Project Manager
vaultedceilings	utils-php	1	No specific role
condordes	utk	1	No specific role
yevgenys	utm	1	No specific role
peterbraswell	utopx	1	No specific role
aanassar	utplsql	0	Developer
actiecon	utplsql	0	Developer
adinath_kamode	utplsql	0	Developer
antmo	utplsql	0	Developer
arun_bel	utplsql	0	No specific role
ashish_77	utplsql	0	Developer
biadev	utplsql	0	Developer
billp	utplsql	0	No specific role
bpoliako	utplsql	0	Developer
chrisrimmer	utplsql	0	Developer
cleveridea	utplsql	0	No specific role
cmarac	utplsql	0	Developer
dev_nv	utplsql	0	Developer
dhurley	utplsql	0	No specific role
dverrett	utplsql	0	Developer
ettukali	utplsql	0	Developer
gjjansen	utplsql	0	Developer
hplusplus	utplsql	0	Developer
jhofmann	utplsql	0	Developer
kamal_k_joshi	utplsql	0	Developer
kiates	utplsql	0	Developer
mvilrokx	utplsql	0	Developer
nataciakim	utplsql	0	Developer
nnan	utplsql	0	Developer
patch72	utplsql	1	Developer
pbarnes7	utplsql	0	Developer
pestacio	utplsql	0	Developer
plsqlguy	utplsql	1	No specific role
ramyaganti	utplsql	0	Developer
remcogoris	utplsql	0	Developer
rpirvu	utplsql	0	Developer
rpramod	utplsql	0	Developer
srinim	utplsql	0	Developer
studious	utplsql	0	Developer
s_feuerstein	utplsql	0	No specific role
tbcox23	utplsql	0	Developer
thalanki_naveen	utplsql	0	No specific role
venky11	utplsql	0	Developer
wtoddl	utplsql	0	No specific role
urooj	uwin	1	No specific role
a1kmm	uxfc	1	No specific role
adb2001	uxlib	1	No specific role
ianculling	v1-vs-addin	1	No specific role
nd98powell	v1-vs-addin	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pmamut	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
raj1v	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
v1_dhanson	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
v1_pjb	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
glennmaughan	v2d	1	No specific role
ikingifl	v2d	0	Doc Writer
julian_deville	v2d	0	Doc Writer
peter7723	v2d	0	Doc Writer
ddewalle	v5-xscore	1	No specific role
zoltarx	vaco	1	No specific role
charlysworld	vainstall	0	Developer
deniger	vainstall	1	Developer
desnoix	vainstall	1	Project Manager
drepasky	vainstall	0	Developer
the-guru	vainstall	0	Developer
vonarnim	vainstall	1	Developer
westbay	vainstall	0	Developer
otif11	vairux-ego	0	Developer
vairux	vairux-ego	1	No specific role
bpruessmann	vajindent	1	Developer
kerbtier	vakum	1	Developer
marcelosaraujo	validate-ptbr	1	No specific role
wizardjagon	validator	1	No specific role
biovenger	valkyrias	1	No specific role
robbn	valtoolkit	1	No specific role
elektryczny	valuablesoft	1	No specific role
azachar	valuelist	1	Developer
mlavwilson	valuelist	1	Project Manager
mzachar	valuelist	0	Developer
timbob1803	valuelist	1	Project Manager
hptraub	values4j	1	No specific role
bsslab	vamnet	1	No specific role
adenegri	vaniglia	0	Developer
caristi	vaniglia	0	Developer
eris4vp	vaniglia	0	Developer
gferro	vaniglia	0	Developer
malbear	vaniglia	0	Developer
mariachiara	vaniglia	0	Developer
mikyaiello	vaniglia	1	Project Manager
patrizio_munzi	vaniglia	0	Developer
santonelli	vaniglia	0	Developer
simeonzv	varhigh	1	No specific role
linvald	variableeditor	1	No specific role
quixoticraindrp	vartrack	1	No specific role
markus_palme	vb-doc	1	Project Manager
jorgens	vb-lite-unit	1	No specific role
rharwood	vbaunit	1	No specific role
killian35	vbcorlib	1	No specific role
tchester	vbdoc	1	Developer
vuud	vbdoc	1	Project Manager
guypes	vbisam	0	Developer
johann_v_n	vbisam	0	Developer
miscellone	vbisam	0	Developer
simrw	vbisam	0	No specific role
trev_vb	vbisam	1	Developer
zbenjamin	vbisam	0	Developer
ghelman	vblib	1	No specific role
guilhermebf	vblib	1	No specific role
sbvb	vblib	1	Project Manager
killian35	vbmock	1	No specific role
crazycomputers	vbperl	1	No specific role
greenreaper	vbtablet	1	Developer
languard	vbtablet	0	Developer
taboozizi	vbunitfree	1	No specific role
aquanight	vbwinapi	1	Developer
foquendo	vbxtender	1	Project Manager
duponchel	vcard4j	1	Project Manager
augusto_roman	vcf	0	Developer
chriskr	vcf	0	Developer
ddiego	vcf	1	Project Manager
emonjay	vcf	0	Doc Writer
iamfraggle	vcf	0	Developer
jabelardo	vcf	0	Developer
jerryevans	vcf	0	Developer
kdmix	vcf	0	Developer
kiklop74	vcf	0	Developer
marcelloptr	vcf	0	Developer
marcweber	vcf	0	Developer
mazurs	vcf	0	Developer
mispunt	vcf	0	Developer
mostuff	vcf	0	Developer
mrtweakin	vcf	0	Developer
obirsoy	vcf	0	Developer
pallindo	vcf	0	Developer
pilsby	vcf	0	Developer
scottpearson	vcf	0	Developer
thrysoee	vcf	0	Developer
vortic	vcf	0	Developer
ywang225	vcf	0	Developer
alex_o	vcl4php-db	1	No specific role
cyq	vcme	1	No specific role
firewing	vcon	1	No specific role
vcorp	vcorplcd	1	No specific role
sro	vcpp-mode	1	No specific role
rshortt	vdrpylib	1	No specific role
betajin	vea	1	No specific role
cybercerberus	vectors	1	Project Manager
heathm	velcro	1	Project Manager
youngm	velcro	1	Developer
tjuerge	veloedit	1	No specific role
farnulfo	velogui	1	No specific role
sirshane	venom	1	No specific role
h_punt	venster	1	No specific role
mstarzyk	venster	0	No specific role
theller	venster	0	No specific role
pne	verdurian	1	Project Manager
febret	vertigo-fwork	1	No specific role
ducope	vess	0	Developer
gmartin	vess	1	Project Manager
lyceel	vess	0	Developer
deadf00d	vesuf	1	Project Manager
zthree	vesuf	1	Project Manager
ict123	vfreeproject	0	Developer
jserrano-neo	vfreeproject	1	No specific role
ofsantana	vfreeproject	0	Developer
kurifu	vfsmgr	1	No specific role
cmelendez	vhhd	1	No specific role
vibe3d	vibe-engine	1	No specific role
denisvolkov	vic-eshop	1	Project Manager
binhanson	vietpali	1	Developer
harryj	vietpali	1	Developer
hocngo	vietpali	1	No specific role
hocngo	vietstd	1	Developer
phuochung	vietstd	1	No specific role
brihall	viewklass	0	Developer
hotjo	viewklass	0	Developer
jostle	viewklass	1	Developer
shane_day	viewstatemgr	1	Project Manager
xiaomj	viex	1	No specific role
festerwim	vigilog	1	No specific role
jlentini	vile	1	No specific role
randy_smith	vile	0	Developer
sjs2	vile	1	Project Manager
vmo	vile	1	Project Manager
jacv87	villagl	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	vim4j	1	No specific role
fhitzel	vimms	1	Developer
jlarkin	vimrails	1	No specific role
luisbermudez	vine	1	No specific role
bourdenas	vine-engine	1	No specific role
hakanj	viperide	1	Developer
strogge	viperide	1	No specific role
bdtraj	vipsi	0	Developer
darisala	vipsi	0	Developer
haberrecker	vipsi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
kio1	vipsi	1	Project Manager
marcelouy	virtdesk	1	All-Hands Person
ahmedcevizci	virtualdataexp	1	Project Manager
umutert	virtualdataexp	1	No specific role
terrorix	virtualdbgrid	1	No specific role
danbrown	virtualfile	1	No specific role
rtalbutt	virtualfile	0	No specific role
hotcakesnz	virtualproject	1	No specific role
fdeweerdt	visages	1	No specific role
olivier_pt	visages	1	No specific role
spoonless	visages	1	No specific role
flyfishr64	visemacs	1	Project Manager
tracerbu11et	visemacs	0	Developer
elm_we	visualmb	0	Developer
micb	visualmb	1	Developer
bekas	visualogrecore	0	Developer
bjj1478	visualogrecore	1	Developer
cculver	visualogrecore	1	Developer
pjcast	visualogrecore	1	No specific role
deepadatta	visualsai	0	Developer
flashk	visualsai	0	Developer
fusionex	visualsai	0	Project Manager
rbfrenchy	visualsai	1	Project Manager
shradhas	visualsai	0	Developer
xnannox	visualsai	0	Developer
axel_b	visualstruts	1	Developer
martinpruefer	visualstruts	1	Developer
slotties	visualstruts	1	No specific role
artee	visualsynapse	1	No specific role
xstarter	visualsynapse	0	Developer
gesha	visualtelephony	0	Support Manager
olegsopilnyak	visualtelephony	1	Project Manager
enzyme_x	vitrax	1	No specific role
anunakin	vivaphp	1	Project Manager
harvok	vivaphp	1	No specific role
overond	vivaphp	0	No specific role
smpaul	vivs	1	No specific role
ivaradi	vju	1	No specific role
bollig	vlab	1	Developer
dasil014	vlab	0	Developer
dkigelman	vlab	0	Developer
dudekid	vlab	1	Developer
erlebach	vlab	1	Developer
gestas	vlab	0	Developer
jens0660	vlab	1	Developer
labadie-07_11	vlab	0	Developer
marpierc	vlab	1	Developer
mbroten	vlab	0	Developer
mdl_kid	vlab	1	Project Manager
mhicaube	vlab	0	Developer
mnacar	vlab	0	Developer
sallstra	vlab	0	Developer
scastill	vlab	0	Developer
yenanqu	vlab	0	Developer
clausvb	vlib	1	Developer
releasedj	vlib	1	Project Manager
markpearse	vlx	0	Developer
steinman	vlx	0	No specific role
vlx	vlx	1	No specific role
waynewolfe	vlx	0	No specific role
laurent-richard	vmime	0	Developer
structor	vmime	0	Developer
vincent-richard	vmime	1	No specific role
nerdnetwork	vnsc	1	Project Manager
natibro	vntraffic	1	No specific role
cklim78	vobject	1	All-Hands Person
heuermh	vocabulary	1	No specific role
alain_desilets	voicecode	1	Project Manager
alex_ramos	voicecode	0	Developer
bjaspan	voicecode	0	Developer
david_jeschke	voicecode	0	Developer
dcfox	voicecode	1	Developer
esjatharvee	voicecode	0	Developer
hans_van_dam	voicecode	0	Developer
joelgould	voicecode	0	Developer
jonathanepstein	voicecode	0	Developer
mhorie	voicecode	0	Developer
patriciahawkins	voicecode	0	Developer
pgorrow	voicecode	0	Developer
pm215	voicecode	0	Developer
pmilliken	voicecode	0	Developer
quintijn	voicecode	0	Developer
rickgehrs	voicecode	0	Developer
rsicoder	voicecode	0	Developer
shay_matasaro	voicecode	0	Developer
stunorton	voicecode	1	Developer
wiegerwesselink	voicecode	0	Developer
pgarcia	voicerlib	1	No specific role
christophercook	voji	0	Tester
mmt	voji	0	Developer
vog	voji	1	Developer
afpineda	volumemanager	1	No specific role
bge	voodoo	1	No specific role
luugi	voodoo	0	No specific role
vmorsiani	voxbone-client	1	Project Manager
kmaclean2006	voxforge	1	No specific role
niunio	voxrend	1	No specific role
bggraves4000	vprog	1	No specific role
gmt2001	vprog	1	All-Hands Person
bgbarcus	vptk	0	No specific role
johnallen	vptk	1	No specific role
kavyboy	vptk	0	No specific role
artaza	vqt	1	No specific role
skapare	vrb	1	No specific role
allenb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
aronb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
browner10	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
carolina	vrjtoolbox	0	Project Manager
dkabala	vrjtoolbox	1	Project Manager
dshipton	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
jahare	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
nonchocoboy	vrjtoolbox	0	Developer
pallindo	vrjtoolbox	0	Developer
patrickh	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
allenb	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
aronb	vrjuggler	1	Developer
carolina	vrjuggler	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dkabala	vrjuggler	0	Developer
dshipton	vrjuggler	1	Developer
pallindo	vrjuggler	0	Developer
patrickh	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
aloeffler	vrvis	1	No specific role
mkprog	vsbugtrackernet	1	No specific role
mwi2825	vsbugtrackernet	0	No specific role
solvix	vsbugtrackernet	0	Developer
tom_menzel	vshelpers	1	No specific role
shadowinteger	vsipc	1	No specific role
jgehtland	vsnunit	1	No specific role
lenine	vsra	1	No specific role
catamaran	vtags	1	No specific role
bcassand	vtclcheck	1	Project Manager
vitaut	vtemm	1	No specific role
xpxqx	vtkcontainers	1	No specific role
xpxqx	vtkextensions	1	No specific role
xpxqx	vtkfltk	1	Project Manager
vng1	vtnprevayler	1	No specific role
dezipaitor	vtools	1	No specific role
dudeofx	vtoswaba	1	Developer
mabuka	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
pda	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
spartan5	vtoswaba	1	No specific role
xengren	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
xentac	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
jensoncox	vxdevelopsuit	1	No specific role
ssddn	vxdevelopsuit	0	Developer
damelang	vxglib	1	Developer
maarten4	vxglib	1	Developer
tetralith	vxglib	1	Developer
black_arrow	vxlib	1	No specific role
samuel_heim	w-a-l	1	No specific role
ultracat	w-windows	1	No specific role
ymchoi	w-windows	1	No specific role
tom191gmx	w32-perlexe-env	1	Developer
soar	w3replib	1	No specific role
jplr	waba-for-dos	1	No specific role
croland	wabadatabase	1	No specific role
dmarcher	wabadma	1	No specific role
gruban	wabajump	1	Project Manager
kedge	wabajump	1	Project Manager
rmontrose	wabajump	0	Developer
robnielsen	wabajump	0	Developer
scytacki	wabajump	0	Developer
wbrandes	wabajump	0	Developer
jappo	wabclient	1	Project Manager
cruise8	waf	1	No specific role
hinnerup	waf	1	No specific role
aeden	wafer	1	Project Manager
dionalmaer	wafer	0	Developer
dkfn	wafer	0	Developer
epesh	wafer	0	No specific role
hship	wafer	0	Developer
krist30	wafer	1	Project Manager
paton	wafer	0	Developer
samijarvensivu	wafer	0	No specific role
timp	wafer	0	Developer
twh270	wafer	0	Developer
timfulmer	wagaef	1	No specific role
garethhunt	wagthetail	1	No specific role
candera	wangdera	1	All-Hands Person
alruiz15	wanghy	1	Developer
paticubita	wanghy	0	Developer
chernyshevsky	wapache	1	Developer
splitsecond	wapache	1	Developer
pmaupin	warbler	1	No specific role
stef686	warmouth	1	No specific role
kurt_olsen	warserver	1	Developer
czubin	watchloader	1	Project Manager
brunns	watsup	1	Developer
drtimguru	watsup	1	No specific role
boytjie	wavelet	0	Developer
harin	wavelet	0	Developer
herbert	wavelet	1	No specific role
naseer25	wavelet	0	No specific role
olivier_moises	wazaabi	1	No specific role
scalp59	wazaabi	0	No specific role
hansjhaase	wbhelpproject	1	No specific role
mikesxf	wbhelpproject	0	Developer
suf	wbxml-net	1	No specific role
mloskot	wcelibcex	1	Project Manager
sdunand	wcelibcex	0	Developer
parsley72	wcetools	1	No specific role
jibz	wcrt	1	Developer
aashishpatil	wdkeclipseplug	1	Developer
emcdevprog	wdkeclipseplug	1	No specific role
mccollough	wdkeclipseplug	0	Developer
thef0x	wdkeclipseplug	0	Developer
slackwar	wearucam	1	No specific role
octograve	weatherlib	1	No specific role
pwh	weaver	1	Project Manager
claritza-abreu	web-its	0	Developer
dfayerma	web-its	1	Project Manager
jmhonor	web-its	0	Developer
sgoryachev	web-its	0	Developer
gary_kephart	webantrunner	1	No specific role
bantychick	webapp	1	No specific role
q-webapp	webapp	0	No specific role
yourgod	webapp	0	No specific role
ken_vermette	webcomman	1	No specific role
seeplusplus	webcpp	1	No specific role
codec_zer0	webde	1	No specific role
disks86	webdevdotnet	1	No specific role
varsted	webdialog	1	No specific role
netiquette	webelements	1	No specific role
rebach	webelements	0	No specific role
kwiateek	webengine	1	All-Hands Person
nattygur	webfarmsession	1	No specific role
antocuni	webformkit	1	No specific role
mahop-haus	webgi2007	1	No specific role
vanug	webise	0	Developer
why	webise	1	No specific role
verdesci	webleaf	1	No specific role
treebhoph	weblibraries	1	Project Manager
cvestol	webmacroeditor	1	No specific role
sensla	webmacroeditor	1	Developer
mssulik	webonswing	0	Developer
paton	webonswing	1	No specific role
r_bajales	webonswing	0	Developer
markmmullin	webpagescraper	1	Project Manager
tanus	webpanels	1	No specific role
brokendoor	webpm	1	Project Manager
cpl	webpython	1	No specific role
andre_hoekzema	webserviceedu	1	Developer
curlyx	webserviceedu	1	Tester
fred_a99	webserviceedu	1	Developer
gunduz	webserviceedu	1	Developer
hansvandrunen	webserviceedu	1	Project Manager
prottier	webserviceedu	1	Developer
foolnet	websharp	0	Project Manager
nhl_dotnet	websharp	1	Project Manager
sunny_y_m	websharp	1	No specific role
netaman	websignoff	1	Developer
sporco	websignoff	0	Web Designer
viet	websignoff	1	Project Manager
websoftcomp	websoftcomp	1	No specific role
lucasjames	webstatsdotnet	1	No specific role
sflexus	webstyler	1	No specific role
flecou	webtester	0	Tester
groff	webtester	1	Project Manager
qakid	webtester	0	Tester
rdbrinkhurst	webtester	0	Doc Writer
tweak187	webtester	0	Web Designer
uselesspython	webtester	0	Web Designer
fassisrosa	webtst	1	No specific role
luisspranger	webumleditor	1	Project Manager
purcell	webunit	1	No specific role
democritus	webunitproj	0	Developer
dgan	webunitproj	1	Project Manager
eosterm	webunitproj	0	Developer
franzachermann	webunitproj	0	Developer
kathyyabroudy	webunitproj	0	Developer
blainekendall	webwalker	1	No specific role
baldree	webwork	1	Project Manager
rickardoberg	webwork	1	Project Manager
cesschneider	webworks	1	No specific role
hgottfried	webx	0	Developer
leonchiver	webx	1	No specific role
cartman	webzap	1	No specific role
hellofsteel	webzap	0	Developer
dhcavalcanti	wedding-planner	1	No specific role
namcap	wedes	1	No specific role
jhereth	weeje	1	Tester
plueschix	weeje	1	No specific role
alexsilv	wefts	0	Developer
dgp85	wefts	0	Developer
jonnymind	wefts	1	No specific role
sburke	wefts	0	Developer
o_rossmueller	welofunc	1	No specific role
werken	werken-opt	1	No specific role
jstrachan	werken-xpath	0	Developer
werken	werken-xpath	1	Project Manager
bauhardt	weta	0	Developer
bissi	weta	0	Developer
h2g	weta	0	No specific role
joa23	weta	1	Developer
mascha1	weta	0	Project Manager
n8chtschwaermer	weta	0	Developer
wetacvs	weta	0	Developer
yavarin	weta	0	Developer
sfpbo	wexpand	1	No specific role
chudikm	wf-twister	0	Developer
docouto	wf-twister	0	Developer
mriou	wf-twister	1	Developer
norsch	wf-twister	0	Developer
pyplia	wf-twister	0	Developer
derekberube	wfaforars	1	Project Manager
drcweidauer	wfmopen	0	Support Technician
drmlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
mlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
rmontag	wfmopen	0	Developer
schnelle	wfmopen	0	Developer
malbari	wfnm	1	Developer
grendizerufo	wgfdirectx	1	No specific role
gtokas	wgfdirectx	0	Developer
cdsnyder	wgois	0	Developer
cyberloon	wgois	0	Developer
kuranes	wgois	0	Developer
mysterycoder	wgois	0	Developer
oistooldev	wgois	0	Developer
pjcast	wgois	1	No specific role
raicuandi	wgois	0	Developer
swiftcoder	wgois	0	Developer
thejustinwalsh	wgois	0	Developer
pennekamp	whereis	1	Developer
udoborkowski	whereis	1	No specific role
agrosam	whisper2	0	Developer
chrispage	whisper2	0	Developer
davepolaschek	whisper2	0	Developer
jbx	whisper2	0	Developer
jesjones	whisper2	1	Developer
mclow	whisper2	0	Developer
meeroh	whisper2	0	Developer
psnively	whisper2	1	Developer
rentzsch	whisper2	0	Developer
seagraves	whisper2	0	Developer
tasdev	whisper2	0	Developer
mrdyg	whisper3	1	Project Manager
wynder	whisper3	0	Developer
dominiknew	white-cliffs	1	No specific role
buge	whitespaceide	1	No specific role
guru_d	whitespaceide	1	Developer
artemk	wholetrack	1	No specific role
viscix	whuffie	1	No specific role
adouma	wicket	0	Developer
almaw	wicket	1	Developer
billen	wicket	0	Developer
dashorst	wicket	1	Content Management
eelco12	wicket	1	Developer
gwynevans	wicket	1	Content Management
ivaynberg	wicket	1	Developer
jannehietamaki	wicket	0	Developer
jan_blok	wicket	0	Developer
jdonnerstag	wicket	1	Developer
joco01	wicket	1	Developer
jonathanlocke	wicket	1	Developer
knopp	wicket	1	Developer
skipoles	wicket	0	Developer
gotow_sf	widestudio	1	Developer
hirabays	widestudio	1	Developer
tamaki	widestudio	1	Tester
yppflakrymzk	widestudio	0	Developer
scarroll	widgedit	1	No specific role
dvdw	widgetserver	1	No specific role
chgu	wii-linux	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fintler	wii-linux	1	No specific role
gauravps	wii-linux	0	No specific role
nsillik	wii-linux	1	All-Hands Person
jkessler523	wikiautolinker	1	No specific role
sansei	wikiflashplugin	1	Project Manager
thoraxdk	wikiflashplugin	1	Developer
jordanirwin	wikingine	1	No specific role
jkessler523	wikiwordimport	1	No specific role
ora	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
theran	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
wilbur-website	wilbur-rdf	1	No specific role
bruder	wildweb	1	Project Manager
pfred	wildweb	1	Developer
jerdenn	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
wilsondotnet	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
mspgroup	win-platform	1	No specific role
solarangel	win32apilib	1	No specific role
vksharma	win32cpp	1	No specific role
bitsmaker	win32gui	0	Developer
dremon	win32gui	0	Developer
jtorjo	win32gui	1	Project Manager
loqui	win32net	1	No specific role
indeyets	win32objc	0	All-Hands Person
viglius	win32objc	1	No specific role
rgerhards	win32uxlib	1	No specific role
brentoboy	winape-includes	1	No specific role
schaps	winapidotnet	1	No specific role
arkhee	winapivbclass	1	No specific role
maik1481	winautorun	1	No specific role
bazis	winavrloader	1	Unix Admin
amadisoft	winblocker1free	1	No specific role
ssalgado	winco	1	All-Hands Person
c_hannibal	windev-stock	1	Developer
windev	windev-stock	1	Project Manager
salazaar_user	windunitsconver	1	No specific role
highway	winfessor-test	0	Developer
jdconley	winfessor-test	1	No specific role
jfrankel	winfessor-test	0	No specific role
highway	winfessor-trace	0	Developer
jdconley	winfessor-trace	1	No specific role
jfrankel	winfessor-trace	0	Developer
bello	winflib	1	No specific role
cecil_stock	winguitest	1	Project Manager
ctrondlp	winguitest	1	Developer
duality72	winguitest	0	Developer
erngui	winguitest	1	Project Manager
pkaluski	winguitest	1	Project Manager
szabgab	winguitest	1	Project Manager
verticaltier	winguitest	0	Developer
m_hagenaars	winio32	1	Developer
jdjs	winlamp	1	Developer
samisd	winlamp	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bazis	winloader	1	No specific role
dobrosi	winmobgps	1	No specific role
mslomp	winports	1	No specific role
aisotton	winpp	1	No specific role
chrismorgan	winrash	1	No specific role
dimi	winrash	0	Developer
jakobsf	winrash	0	No specific role
tindalos	winrash	0	No specific role
sindhumn	winresourcer	1	No specific role
tzis	winsmledit	1	No specific role
dkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
jdoran	wintypes	1	Support Technician
mkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
darkstream	wireframetool	0	Developer
fusemonkey	wireframetool	0	Developer
gavin_b	wireframetool	1	Developer
jabeynon	wireframetool	0	Developer
kroche	wireframetool	1	Developer
leeborkman	wireframetool	1	Project Manager
mikecraig	wireframetool	0	Developer
pmcelhaney	wireframetool	0	Developer
rsilverberg	wireframetool	0	Developer
shift4sms	wireframetool	0	Developer
tigeryan	wireframetool	0	Developer
vividev	wireframetool	0	Developer
voldengen	wireframetool	0	Developer
charisma	wisdom	1	No specific role
maciejr	wiser	1	No specific role
binkley	wisk	1	No specific role
dbright	wixgui	1	No specific role
pid117	wixgui	0	Developer
terrydenham	wixgui	0	Developer
zelenkov	wixtrim	1	No specific role
smcardle	wlst	1	No specific role
mikefinn	wmqtools	1	Developer
robbn	wmqtools	0	Developer
jvaranda	wmscc	1	Developer
mark_postal	wmscc	1	Developer
eagleas	wmsigner	1	No specific role
dmitrykukushkin	wmsigner-dotnet	1	No specific role
dsuch	wmunit	1	Developer
piotrszulawski	wmunit	0	Developer
radziob	wmunit	1	Developer
simcha	wmunit	1	Developer
dkameleon	wmxi	1	No specific role
eagleas	wmxi	1	No specific role
maks_polunin	wmxml	1	No specific role
jake_phillips	wnetwork	1	No specific role
bbou	wnjn	1	Developer
jhanna777	wob	1	No specific role
goranbacklund	wolfram	1	Developer
magnushult	wolfram	1	Project Manager
digisnap	wonderlib	1	No specific role
fsgiudice	woopgui	1	Project Manager
benizi	wordnet	1	No specific role
pronovic	wordutils	1	Developer
ragibson	wordutils	1	Developer
mbcolbert	workflow4j	0	All-Hands Person
oscarhsieh	workflow4j	1	All-Hands Person
mwagner	worklog	1	No specific role
ydna	worklog	1	No specific role
ddomingos	worksco	0	Developer
eemg	worksco	0	Developer
gedl	worksco	0	Developer
jbmar	worksco	1	Project Manager
jotacosta	worksco	0	No specific role
pmrsa	worksco	0	Developer
ptrlv	worksco	1	Project Manager
s_fernandes	worksco	1	Project Manager
matlackb	workzen	1	No specific role
cgruber	wotonomy	1	Project Manager
chochos	wotonomy	0	Developer
dongzhiwang	wotonomy	0	Developer
mpowers	wotonomy	1	Developer
under_score	wotonomy	0	Developer
pekeler	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
sogino	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
sinuscom	wp-thebookmarks	1	No specific role
blabos	wpgdb	1	No specific role
amohombe	wrad	1	No specific role
aigan	wraf	1	Project Manager
mortenson	wrapper	1	All-Hands Person
mlamouri	wrathsound	1	No specific role
tianchao	wsag4globus	1	No specific role
iangm	wsal	1	No specific role
dagger_ar	wsaver	1	No specific role
obrand	wsdl4reg	1	Project Manager
almskou	wsis	0	Developer
cen1	wsis	0	Developer
chch01ae	wsis	0	Developer
christianbo	wsis	0	Developer
jonas_kortsen	wsis	0	Developer
kah_esl	wsis	0	No specific role
martinschoeberl	wsis	1	Project Manager
milbak	wsis	0	Developer
mortenokholm	wsis	0	Developer
nielswahlgreen	wsis	0	Developer
nomisand	wsis	0	Developer
pcm79	wsis	0	Developer
rasped	wsis	1	Project Manager
sorenkrabbe	wsis	0	Developer
sval	wsis	0	Developer
thol01ab	wsis	0	Developer
troelsn	wsis	0	Developer
kurakin	wsjl	1	No specific role
dharampal	wslin	1	No specific role
gangadharj	wslin	0	Developer
manjahs	wslin	0	Developer
sidda	wslin	0	Developer
btompkins	wsmq	1	No specific role
wspace	wspace	1	No specific role
ieure	wsre	1	Developer
nkirsch	wsre	1	No specific role
wickedsmoke	wsrebol	1	No specific role
newz2000	wtf-engine	1	No specific role
arnavpoch	wtl	0	Developer
bviksoe	wtl	0	Developer
daniel_bowen	wtl	1	Developer
dineshkaushal	wtl	0	Developer
dusanjovanovic	wtl	0	Developer
encapsule	wtl	1	Developer
gilad_no	wtl	0	Developer
isemenov	wtl	0	No specific role
itandetnik	wtl	0	Developer
jimspr	wtl	0	Developer
jim_barry	wtl	0	Developer
johndiii	wtl	0	Developer
jonrosy	wtl	0	Support Manager
joshheitzman	wtl	0	Developer
lilsroro	wtl	0	Developer
nenadstefanovic	wtl	1	Developer
rverhoef	wtl	0	Developer
tltabor	wtl	0	No specific role
xushiwei	wtl	0	No specific role
acsirmaz	wtrack	1	No specific role
laufont	wui	1	All-Hands Person
wmaguire	wui	1	No specific role
coreyti	wuiv	1	No specific role
blues-man	www-sms	0	Developer
board707	www-sms	0	Developer
danilopiazza	www-sms	0	Developer
eim	www-sms	1	Project Manager
fmarzocca	www-sms	0	Developer
giulienk	www-sms	1	Project Manager
goghata	www-sms	0	Developer
initself	www-sms	0	Developer
kratochvil	www-sms	0	Developer
nicodds	www-sms	0	Developer
peteragarwal	www-sms	0	Developer
cperdue	wwwapp	1	No specific role
ark-sf	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
dbt	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
ddribin	wx4j	1	No specific role
iv-cap1	wxagent	1	Project Manager
admorgan	wxart2d	0	Developer
baxissimo	wxart2d	0	Developer
dimitrishortcut	wxart2d	0	Developer
frm	wxart2d	0	Developer
kbluck	wxart2d	0	Developer
kire_putsje	wxart2d	0	Developer
klion	wxart2d	0	Developer
msoegtrop	wxart2d	0	No specific role
titato	wxart2d	1	Project Manager
mgilfix	wxcolourchooser	1	No specific role
ckodonnell	wxcurl	1	Project Manager
mvalerio	wxcurl	0	Developer
ryanwilcox	wxcurl	0	Developer
afb	wxd	1	Developer
berobero	wxd	1	No specific role
spicerun	wxdevelstudio	1	Developer
abbra11	wxdevide	1	Unix Admin
adamkg	wxdevide	0	No specific role
spicerun	wxdevstudio	1	Developer
buildere	wxdsgn	0	Developer
darrenls59	wxdsgn	0	Developer
gururamnath	wxdsgn	1	Developer
lowjoel	wxdsgn	0	Developer
ninjanl	wxdsgn	1	Support Manager
specu	wxdsgn	1	Developer
tbreina	wxdsgn	1	Developer
warlock24	wxeclipse	1	No specific role
abhinav_kr	wxedi	0	Developer
manisys	wxedi	1	No specific role
kentropy	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
koansoftware	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
mattlewis	wxeuphoria	1	All-Hands Person
iv-cap1	wxex	1	Project Manager
frm	wxextended	1	Developer
markmccormack	wxextended	1	Project Manager
spooker	wxextended	1	Developer
abenitez69	wxfp	1	No specific role
hansvl	wxguide	0	Developer
wyo	wxguide	1	No specific role
afyzendo	wxhaskell	0	Developer
dleijen	wxhaskell	1	Developer
jodonoghue	wxhaskell	1	No specific role
kowey	wxhaskell	1	Project Manager
martijnislief	wxhaskell	0	Developer
shelarcy	wxhaskell	0	No specific role
supermule	wxhaskell	0	No specific role
wjsuijle	wxhaskell	0	Developer
dbryson	wxia	1	No specific role
terrelshumway	wxidle	1	No specific role
vince74	wxidle	0	Web Designer
deadserious	wxnet	0	Developer
gbche	wxnet	0	Developer
harald_meyer	wxnet	0	Developer
jameswdumay	wxnet	0	Project Manager
malenfant	wxnet	0	Developer
nummish	wxnet	0	Developer
olkalex	wxnet	0	Developer
roebling	wxnet	0	Developer
rpodgorny	wxnet	1	Developer
stahta01	wxnet	0	Developer
t9mike	wxnet	1	Developer
wxnetadmin	wxnet	0	No specific role
linmain	wxplotterwindow	1	No specific role
mcfletch	wxpypropdist	1	No specific role
chrishbarker	wxpystonesoup	0	Developer
kollivier	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
robind	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
iv-cap1	wxscript	1	Project Manager
lafriks	wxsoap	1	No specific role
blackpaw	wxsqlite	1	No specific role
psiegmund	wxsqlite	0	No specific role
asyriel	wxssl	0	Developer
jplatts	wxssl	1	No specific role
jurgenthor	wxssl	0	Developer
asnyatkov	wxtl	1	Developer
hiscapness	wxtl	0	Developer
jimdaubert	wxtl	1	Developer
jlyonsmith	wxtl	1	Developer
jmaver	wxtl	0	Developer
pdm	wxtl	0	Developer
alik	wxtoolbox	1	No specific role
abxabx	wxtv	1	No specific role
ntalex	wxvillalib	1	No specific role
malat	wxvtk	1	Project Manager
kollivier	wxwebkit	1	Developer
vaclavslavik	wxwebkit	0	Developer
alexph	wxxcd	0	Developer
edrin_t	wxxcd	1	No specific role
dougsatch	x-assist	1	No specific role
vutunglam	x-frameanalyzer	1	Project Manager
tittoproject	x-launcher	1	No specific role
woyle	x-pipe	1	No specific role
beduino_xt	x-trad	1	Project Manager
cecil_stock	x11guitest	0	Developer
ctrondlp	x11guitest	1	No specific role
szabgab	x11guitest	0	Developer
aviadbd	x2j	1	No specific role
razor950	x360sdk	1	No specific role
ajramire	x3p	1	No specific role
chimeric_spirit	x3p	1	No specific role
glazarus	x3p	1	No specific role
rascal1182	x3p	1	No specific role
wnman2000	x3p	1	No specific role
ivanneto	xactor	1	No specific role
reverbel	xactor	1	Project Manager
dr_tux	xalgo	1	No specific role
xalgo	xalgo	1	Developer
uisdean	xampl-pp	1	No specific role
campanoni	xanlib	1	No specific role
amaltsev	xao	1	Analysis / Design
bdespain	xao	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
buddachile	xao	0	Analysis / Design
jkxao	xao	0	Developer
konstsaf	xao	0	Developer
e4c5	xao-php	0	Developer
spasmoid	xao-php	1	No specific role
andreymirzoyan	xaosos	1	No specific role
e075xk	xap2	1	No specific role
apakuni	xaraya	1	Distributor/Promoter
baraboom	xaraya	0	No specific role
besfred	xaraya	1	Developer
bmcgilligan	xaraya	1	Developer
child_god	xaraya	1	Developer
clshrock	xaraya	0	No specific role
dudleyc	xaraya	1	Developer
epsilon7	xaraya	1	Developer
gabrielconnor	xaraya	0	No specific role
jasonjudge	xaraya	1	Project Manager
jbeames-sf	xaraya	1	Developer
johnnyrocket	xaraya	1	Developer
jojodee	xaraya	1	Project Manager
kams_sf	xaraya	1	Developer
marcel	xaraya	1	Project Manager
marcinmilan	xaraya	1	Developer
mikespub	xaraya	1	Developer
niceguyeddie	xaraya	1	No specific role
rabbitt	xaraya	1	All-Hands Person
stratagem	xaraya	1	Tester
thx1855	xaraya	1	Developer
varchar	xaraya	1	Developer
voll	xaraya	1	Developer
xarayageek	xaraya	1	Developer
eddieajau	xarcims	1	No specific role
glgay	xarm	1	No specific role
matthiasanlauff	xasm	1	Project Manager
posypkin	xasm	0	Developer
pwkutter	xasm	1	Project Manager
vailtom	xbase-dev	1	No specific role
davep	xbasemode	0	Developer
romberg	xbasemode	1	No specific role
auxesis	xbashserv	0	Tester
breadcrust	xbashserv	1	Developer
the-raptor	xbashserv	0	Web Designer
skorobogatov	xbb-code	1	No specific role
jeff_epstein	xbnjava	1	No specific role
shuetrim	xbrlcomposer	1	No specific role
frankyeh	xbtl	1	No specific role
sultan_szz	xbunit	1	No specific role
meades	xcache	1	All-Hands Person
izaquar	xccnode	1	Developer
ksejlod	xccnode	1	Developer
boelthorn	xchatlisp	1	No specific role
mattboy99	xchattercore	1	No specific role
harryrat	xclass	1	No specific role
hperaza	xclass	1	No specific role
sexkiller	xcms	1	No specific role
xitnalta	xcms	1	No specific role
emiruner	xcom	1	All-Hands Person
diken	xconsole	0	Developer
iamkeke	xconsole	1	No specific role
hengels	xcool	1	No specific role
leonchiver	xcool	1	Developer
julienroussel	xcop	1	Developer
reeb	xcop	1	No specific role
jkatou	xcpp	1	No specific role
xeus_man	xdatagrid	1	No specific role
linterra	xde	1	Project Manager
dorivalac	xdebug	1	No specific role
kodecharlie	xdelimitarea	1	No specific role
caption	xdoclet-ui	0	No specific role
glraaj	xdoclet-ui	0	No specific role
gvdinesh	xdoclet-ui	1	No specific role
asterix802	xeclip	0	Developer
dominator75	xeclip	0	Developer
k_paland	xeclip	0	Developer
rainergloede	xeclip	1	No specific role
tharmes	xeclip	0	Developer
dgil	xelements	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pive	xelements	1	No specific role
claudenw	xenei	1	Project Manager
fresco	xenei	0	Graphic/Other Designer
jlwood949	xenei	0	All-Hands Person
karav	xenei	0	Developer
kurnl	xenei	0	Developer
madonnax	xeril	1	No specific role
chutiporn	xet	1	Developer
paramai	xet	1	Developer
pongtawat	xet	1	Developer
leon007	xeumeuleu	0	Developer
mat007	xeumeuleu	1	Developer
zebre007	xeumeuleu	0	Developer
haustein	xfap	1	No specific role
moxon	xfap	1	No specific role
agaroffolo	xforge	1	Developer
nemorino	xforge	1	No specific role
ulim	xforge	0	Developer
flaviotordini	xfp	1	No specific role
rletosa	xfp	0	Developer
acl4551	xfr	0	No specific role
fooups	xfr	0	Doc Writer
frxoops	xfr	1	No specific role
hthouzard	xfr	1	Developer
kris_fr	xfr	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pemen	xfr	0	Developer
philou_themes	xfr	1	Web Designer
schooten	xgame	1	No specific role
jcayzac	xgl	1	Project Manager
morriscat	xgroupset	1	No specific role
abassanezi	xhgtk	0	No specific role
henemer	xhgtk	0	Developer
jancarlo	xhgtk	0	Developer
marcosgambeta	xhgtk	1	Developer
rodrigo_moreno	xhgtk	1	Developer
sandrorrfreire	xhgtk	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xhtmltranscoder	1	No specific role
ipreuss	xhtmlunit	1	Developer
johnlink	xhtmlunit	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xhtmlvalidator	1	No specific role
andijahja	xhuggle	0	Developer
bb75	xhuggle	0	Developer
brianhays	xhuggle	0	Developer
felixhuggle	xhuggle	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jvbalek	xhuggle	0	Developer
lculik	xhuggle	1	Developer
legless	xhuggle	0	Developer
mws_radwar	xhuggle	1	Project Manager
paultucker	xhuggle	1	Developer
sssant	xhuggle	0	Developer
axonrg	xiki	1	No specific role
zcsizmadia	xilprg	1	Project Manager
cyrilgodart	ximol	0	Developer
francisandre	ximol	0	No specific role
hfp	ximol	1	Developer
tournois	ximol	1	No specific role
rgclan	xinca	1	No specific role
fbilhaut	xineo	1	Project Manager
baserose	xingu	1	No specific role
dep4b	xingu	0	Developer
diogosaad	xingu	1	Project Manager
hirbel	xinity	0	No specific role
knubbel	xinity	1	Developer
martinka	xinity	1	No specific role
gamester17	xinstall	1	No specific role
prodi	xinstall	0	Developer
seanccarroll	xinstall	0	Web Designer
shadow_mx	xinstall	0	Tester
xero2004	xinstall	0	Analysis / Design
amarches	xippo	1	Project Manager
baldua	xippo	0	Developer
marcoinno	xippo	0	Developer
the_high_castle	xippo	0	All-Hands Person
charamuga	xito	0	Developer
cybercerberus	xito	0	Developer
drichan	xito	1	No specific role
abbyz	xjeez	1	No specific role
dotan_adler	xjmx	1	No specific role
fperezpa	xkins	0	Developer
gmeyer1604	xkins	1	No specific role
slavo	xkproject	1	No specific role
foxbatty	xlattice	0	Developer
jddixon	xlattice	1	No specific role
markware	xlattice	0	No specific role
ahuser	xlibvcl	1	No specific role
dmontgomery	xlibvcl	0	Developer
acki	xlife	1	No specific role
cebewee	xlife	0	No specific role
nexos	xlife	1	No specific role
oetzel	xlife	1	No specific role
davidgeorge	xlink	1	No specific role
keithalewis	xll	1	Project Manager
zenon48	xlog	1	No specific role
chema76	xlsheet	1	No specific role
aschild	xlsjdbc	1	No specific role
amai	xlt	1	No specific role
dannybackx	xlt	1	No specific role
mbardiaux	xlt	0	Developer
rwscott	xlt	1	Developer
jlecomte	xlw	1	Project Manager
markjoshi	xlw	1	All-Hands Person
nando	xlw	1	No specific role
stochastix	xlw	0	Developer
polus	xm17n	1	No specific role
injektilo	xmarks	1	No specific role
jcman	xmarks	0	Developer
jrdavis	xmarks	0	Developer
kraldon	xmarks	1	No specific role
rajindersingh	xmarks	0	Developer
it_xmb	xmbhacksportal	1	Developer
simshsia	xmbhacksportal	1	All-Hands Person
phishman3579	xmdaemon	1	No specific role
jmr13	xmem	1	No specific role
anarchiex	xmemedit	0	Developer
bahamutzero	xmemedit	0	Developer
epimetrias	xmemedit	0	Developer
rgovostes	xmemedit	1	No specific role
birdscurrybeer	xmen	0	Developer
dark_angel	xmen	1	No specific role
eclipse_elf	xmen	0	No specific role
tjacyno	xmen	0	Developer
luvaul	xmidas-vim	1	No specific role
ceciliamascolo	xmiddle	1	No specific role
liciacapra	xmiddle	1	No specific role
mircomusolesi	xmiddle	1	No specific role
rohirrim	xmiddle	1	No specific role
allenb	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
aronb	xml-cppdom	1	Developer
dshipton	xml-cppdom	0	Developer
nonchocoboy	xml-cppdom	0	All-Hands Person
patrickh	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
subatomic	xml-cppdom	0	All-Hands Person
mgruenke	xml-extractor	1	No specific role
amehta1066	xml-ezparse	1	No specific role
arjenmarkus	xml-fortran	1	No specific role
cironian	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
dflorey	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
djcordhose	xml-im-exporter	1	No specific role
changliu	xml-node	1	Project Manager
msg4chang	xml-node	0	Developer
valikov	xml-transform	1	No specific role
simontuffs	xml-xig	1	No specific role
radu_floricica	xml2swing	1	No specific role
sbellon	xml4ada95	1	Project Manager
vrandezo	xml4ada95	1	No specific role
cobalt60	xmlapi	1	All-Hands Person
hzeller	xmlapi	0	Developer
boriskhv	xmlapplication	0	Developer
dbarashev	xmlapplication	1	No specific role
lifatov	xmlapplication	0	Developer
oka801	xmlapplication	1	Developer
sseaman	xmlaprocessor	1	No specific role
csa	xmlbench	1	No specific role
rdragon01	xmlbind	1	No specific role
jcofflan	xmlcereal	1	No specific role
ccoupal	xmlcfgdal	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xmlcfgreader	1	No specific role
csaunders	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
johnjones	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
sprior	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
vanlindholm	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
ikotenkov	xmlclipse	1	No specific role
dnote	xmlcomp	1	No specific role
victoor	xmlcomparator	1	No specific role
carnold	xmlconf	1	No specific role
dbrownell	xmlconf	1	No specific role
ebcdic	xmlconf	0	No specific role
edwingo	xmlconf	0	Developer
jason_e_stewart	xmlconf	0	Developer
jpolastre	xmlconf	0	No specific role
jstrachan	xmlconf	0	Developer
marybrady	xmlconf	0	No specific role
sector9	xmlconfig	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xmlconfigreader	1	No specific role
adbit	xmlcpg	1	Project Manager
boisgona	xmlcpg	0	Developer
dallaire	xmlcpg	0	Developer
larosem	xmlcpg	0	Developer
alain-couthures	xmlcsharp	1	No specific role
pdr	xmldb	1	Project Manager
mrxtravis	xmldb-org	0	Developer
per_nyfelt	xmldb-org	1	No specific role
uche	xmldb-org	0	Developer
walkabout	xmldb-org	1	No specific role
elegoubin	xmlddl	1	No specific role
agoubard	xmlenc	0	Developer
znerd	xmlenc	1	Project Manager
wendellgu	xmlengine	1	No specific role
bpoussin	xmlgridlayout	0	Developer
soronthar	xmlgridlayout	1	No specific role
edankert	xmlhammer	1	No specific role
achimgaedke	xmlio	1	Project Manager
cic99	xmlio	0	Developer
pipenb	xmlio	1	Project Manager
schliep	xmlio	0	No specific role
wasinee	xmlio	0	Developer
jerrykhan	xmlite	1	Developer
ohler	xmlite	1	No specific role
greydrizzle	xmliter	1	No specific role
crowelee	xmlization	0	Developer
rajonghyun	xmlization	1	Project Manager
jasonkitty	xmljb	1	No specific role
zampire	xmlmacro	1	No specific role
aflinton	xmlmiddleware	1	No specific role
codefox	xmlnode	1	No specific role
dougkeith	xmlnode	1	Developer
edurand	xmloop	1	Project Manager
ish007	xmlopenstudio	1	No specific role
lordoffox	xmlorm	1	No specific role
hamletc1602	xmlout	1	Developer
labradortech	xmlout	1	No specific role
abcoates	xmlp	1	Project Manager
zarella	xmlp	0	Developer
pit22	xmlpp	1	Project Manager
hipparchus2001	xmlprog	1	No specific role
javajedi	xmlproperties	0	No specific role
johnqueso	xmlproperties	1	No specific role
tfb785	xmlprprpr	1	No specific role
dasaru	xmlpullparser	0	Developer
lilantha	xmlpullparser	1	No specific role
padmashantha	xmlpullparser	0	Developer
warnal	xmlpullparser	0	Developer
meredydd	xmlrpc-debug	1	No specific role
jredlin	xmlserializer	0	No specific role
kmeson	xmlserializer	0	No specific role
lient	xmlserializer	1	No specific role
fcrestois	xmlsourcefile	1	No specific role
entelechy	xmltester	0	Developer
orb	xmltester	0	Developer
texas_stu	xmltester	1	Project Manager
davidrutter	xmltestsuite	1	No specific role
nik_89	xmltools	1	All-Hands Person
pinak	xmltools	0	Doc Writer
sharun	xmltools	0	All-Hands Person
akasper	xmltraverse	1	Developer
loneranger	xmltraverse	1	Project Manager
enotecha	xmlv	1	No specific role
osiris0677	xmlv	1	Developer
jlcalso	xmlvoc	0	Developer
llturro	xmlvoc	1	No specific role
samtregar	xmlvs	1	No specific role
bir	xmlworks	1	No specific role
ch3oh	xmlworks	1	Developer
sfock	xmlworks	1	Developer
subjective	xmlworks	1	Developer
tarapolice	xmlworks	1	Developer
bayard	xmlwriter	1	Project Manager
petecassetta	xmlwriter	0	Developer
brong	xmlxslt	1	No specific role
dandman	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
egonw	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
gellyfish	xmlxslt	1	Developer
gjosten	xmlxslt	0	Developer
hexmode	xmlxslt	1	No specific role
iaintat	xmlxslt	0	Developer
kingubu	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
mike808	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
nejedly	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
potempkin	xmlxslt	0	Developer
zeronullvoid	xmocx	1	No specific role
gregm	xmon	1	No specific role
davidledbury2	xmtd	1	Project Manager
m0nty_	xmtd	1	Project Manager
malanciault	xmtd	1	No specific role
fireartist	xnamer	1	No specific role
sandklef	xnee	1	No specific role
edankert	xngr	1	No specific role
knesbitt	xngr	0	No specific role
okellya	xngr	0	Developer
aslom	xni2xmlpull	1	No specific role
dov-g	xnm	1	No specific role
otbsupport	xnreseditpe	1	No specific role
xoltar	xoltar-toolkit	1	No specific role
pallaert	xooof	0	Developer
ph_vijghen	xooof	0	No specific role
sagblmi	xooof	1	No specific role
sagbsth	xooof	1	Developer
sagbtw	xooof	1	Project Manager
sagfmak	xooof	0	Developer
sbidoul	xooof	1	Project Manager
eyekeeper	xoopers	1	No specific role
gibaphp	xoopers	1	Project Manager
real_therplima	xoopers	1	Developer
abeynaike	xoops	0	No specific role
ackbarr	xoops	0	Developer
alanjuden	xoops	0	Developer
alexxus	xoops	0	Developer
alferov	xoops	0	Developer
bigbadger	xoops	0	Developer
birdseedmusic	xoops	0	Developer
blackdeath_csmc	xoops	0	Developer
bluenova	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
brunobls	xoops	0	Developer
buennagel	xoops	0	Developer
bujin	xoops	0	Tester
callawey	xoops	0	Developer
carnuke	xoops	0	No specific role
ch0ke	xoops	0	Developer
chapi-de	xoops	0	Developer
claudia	xoops	0	Developer
cordel2	xoops	0	Developer
crushdepth	xoops	0	Doc Writer
dap997	xoops	0	Developer
dasdan	xoops	0	Developer
dave_l	xoops	1	Developer
davidledbury2	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
davidli	xoops	0	Developer
davinci27	xoops	0	Developer
dawilby	xoops	0	Developer
dhcst	xoops	0	Developer
dheltzel	xoops	0	Developer
dirk_louwers	xoops	0	No specific role
dpfresh	xoops	0	Developer
draven_0	xoops	0	Developer
drtimw	xoops	0	Developer
dugris	xoops	0	Developer
dyoo78	xoops	0	Developer
eikke	xoops	0	Developer
eric_juden	xoops	0	Developer
fnog	xoops	0	Developer
frankblacksf	xoops	0	Support Technician
frano	xoops	0	Developer
fred_inbox	xoops	0	Developer
fx2024	xoops	0	Developer
garbelini	xoops	0	No specific role
gibaphp	xoops	0	Developer
gizmhail	xoops	0	Developer
goghs	xoops	0	No specific role
greyhair	xoops	0	Developer
gstarrett	xoops	0	Developer
gufyy	xoops	0	Developer
guymahieu	xoops	0	Developer
has207	xoops	0	Developer
herkocoomans	xoops	0	Distributor/Promoter
hsalazar	xoops	0	Doc Writer
hthouzard	xoops	0	Developer
hyperpod	xoops	0	Developer
indiangeek	xoops	0	Developer
irmtfan	xoops	0	Developer
iver_2435	xoops	0	Developer
jace303	xoops	0	Developer
jack404	xoops	0	Developer
jan304	xoops	0	Developer
jeffgr	xoops	0	Support Manager
jeffkoertzen	xoops	0	Developer
jegelstaff	xoops	0	Developer
jmorris77	xoops	0	No specific role
joaodelvalle	xoops	0	Developer
julionc	xoops	0	Developer
kahumbu	xoops	0	Doc Writer
kaotik_j	xoops	0	Developer
kavaxtreme	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kerkness	xoops	0	Developer
krayc	xoops	0	Developer
kurak_bu	xoops	0	Developer
ldapguru	xoops	0	Developer
loudo	xoops	0	Developer
lykoszine	xoops	0	Developer
m0nty_	xoops	0	Developer
m4d3l	xoops	0	Developer
malanciault	xoops	0	Developer
manel1	xoops	0	Doc Writer
marcellobrandao	xoops	0	Developer
matand009	xoops	0	Developer
mboyden	xoops	0	Developer
mcleines	xoops	0	Developer
mcnaz7	xoops	0	Developer
mdeshane	xoops	0	Developer
mercibe	xoops	0	Developer
michaelhokamp	xoops	0	Web Designer
milhouse26	xoops	0	Developer
mvandam	xoops	0	Developer
nboseret	xoops	0	Developer
nedlud	xoops	0	Developer
ohwada	xoops	0	Developer
pdaddict	xoops	0	Developer
pemen	xoops	0	Developer
peterr	xoops	0	Developer
phatbloke	xoops	0	Developer
philou_themes	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
phppp	xoops	1	Developer
ralf57	xoops	0	Developer
rboyleiii	xoops	0	Developer
remy	xoops	0	Developer
robekras	xoops	0	Doc Writer
romu	xoops	0	Developer
rowd	xoops	0	No specific role
rv3000	xoops	0	Developer
sandeep_416	xoops	0	Developer
scurtescu	xoops	0	Developer
shine2	xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
skenow	xoops	0	Developer
snotlingorc	xoops	0	Developer
steffo74	xoops	0	Developer
sudhaker	xoops	0	Developer
tecuya	xoops	0	Developer
thevivi	xoops	0	No specific role
the_bender	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tripmon	xoops	0	Developer
vadvarju	xoops	0	Distributor/Promoter
victorzhuromsky	xoops	0	Developer
w4z004	xoops	0	Tester
webfm	xoops	0	Developer
webmailfx	xoops	0	Developer
wizanda	xoops	0	Developer
wtravel	xoops	0	Developer
wulff_dk	xoops	0	Developer
xend	xoops	0	No specific role
xeon_vl	xoops	0	Developer
xoopsmods	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ylarrivee	xoops	0	Developer
young-pee	xoops	0	Developer
yoyo2021	xoops	0	Developer
zoullou	xoops	0	Developer
zyspec	xoops	0	Developer
valcilon	xoopsbr	1	Project Manager
valcilon	xoopscafe	1	Project Manager
julionc	xoopsla	1	No specific role
aspoerl	xoplon	0	No specific role
avix	xoplon	1	No specific role
ebuchner	xoplon	1	No specific role
baliuka	xorm	0	Developer
dcheckoway	xorm	0	Developer
harry_evans	xorm	1	Developer
radzimir	xorm	0	Developer
sbendar	xorm	0	Developer
seifertd	xorm	0	Developer
sj777	xorm	0	Developer
wbiggs	xorm	1	All-Hands Person
soft_guy	xox	1	Developer
xptrackeradmin	xp-tracker	1	No specific role
dadaista	xp4ide	1	Developer
manuang2	xp4ide	1	Developer
reflex747	xp4ide	1	Developer
sorek	xp4ide	1	No specific role
djcordhose	xpa	1	No specific role
dmakalsky	xpa	1	Developer
lachinois	xpa	1	Developer
sstanchfield	xpa	1	No specific role
bandi999	xpairtise	1	Developer
hschlen	xpairtise	1	No specific role
kjuschus01	xpairtise	1	No specific role
nlavit	xpairtise	1	No specific role
rmischke	xpairtise	1	Developer
schleusel	xpairtise	1	Developer
schuemm	xpairtise	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dfugazza	xpanda	1	No specific role
elementocaotico	xpanda	1	Developer
mozillagodzilla	xparse	1	Developer
omouse	xparse	1	No specific role
joiellis	xpcgi	1	No specific role
dwkang001	xpdl2owl	1	No specific role
jmarranz	xpdom	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	xpea	1	No specific role
robbrandt	xpinstaller	1	No specific role
jacmorel	xplanner	1	Project Manager
mregazzi	xplanner	0	Developer
osandum	xplanner	0	Developer
sbate	xplanner	0	Developer
tkmower	xplanner	0	Developer
toggm	xpmt	1	No specific role
winkj	xpmt	1	Developer
jbrisbin	xportal	1	No specific role
fernandovm	xprevail	1	No specific role
acoopersmith	xprint	0	Developer
gelf	xprint	0	Developer
gisburn	xprint	1	No specific role
jayhobson	xprint	0	Developer
abelcodemonk	xproadmap	1	Developer
kwallmar	xproadmap	1	Developer
michaelferrante	xproadmap	1	Developer
jheintz	xproundup	1	No specific role
juergen_ebert	xpstorm	1	No specific role
rsinnema	xpstudio	1	Developer
andykorth	xptracker	1	No specific role
jansenr	xptracker	1	Developer
slembcke	xptracker	1	Developer
afreid	xpweb	0	Developer
alou2	xpweb	0	Developer
bfuller	xpweb	0	No specific role
binarycode	xpweb	0	Developer
choucrouteman	xpweb	1	Project Manager
dgrov	xpweb	0	No specific role
dinmadz	xpweb	0	Developer
garance	xpweb	0	No specific role
haipeng	xpweb	0	No specific role
jeremy_c	xpweb	0	Developer
mogambo	xpweb	0	No specific role
naitek	xpweb	0	Developer
rdr73	xpweb	0	Developer
robinm	xpweb	0	Project Manager
smcclelland	xpweb	0	Developer
steveoc	xpweb	0	No specific role
toasta	xpweb	0	No specific role
tramuntana	xpweb	0	No specific role
xqxq	xqdraw	1	No specific role
srinid	xqide	1	No specific role
clinto	xqore	1	Project Manager
dalloliol	xqore	1	Project Manager
spetix	xqore	1	No specific role
ucapuozzo	xqore	1	Project Manager
akafred	xradar	1	Project Manager
csterwa	xradar	0	Developer
danielbakkelund	xradar	0	No specific role
geisor	xradar	0	Developer
haakonfs	xradar	0	Developer
kristofferkvam	xradar	1	Project Manager
ofjosne	xradar	0	Developer
pinakmengle	xradar	0	Developer
rodinix	xradar	0	Developer
romson	xradar	0	Developer
sherbert69	xradar	0	No specific role
stenis999	xradar	0	No specific role
thoraage	xradar	0	Developer
tobiast	xradar	0	No specific role
valery_b	xradar	0	No specific role
vsonerud	xradar	0	Developer
chap	xres4j	1	No specific role
avexrf	xrf-tool	1	No specific role
diboschack	xrml	1	Developer
fasten	xrml	1	No specific role
lastsmoke	xrml	1	Developer
viech	xrml	1	Web Designer
yogi_cpp	xrml	1	Developer
albertwang	xrun	0	Web Designer
isoman	xrun	0	Web Designer
laozhu	xrun	1	All-Hands Person
mrcobit	xsdf	0	Developer
rainerbiz	xsdf	0	Developer
tonimaric	xsdf	0	Tester
yobiz	xsdf	1	No specific role
tb_ryan	xsdfbuilder	1	No specific role
xsdnyd	xsdnyd	1	No specific role
mkallman	xsix	1	No specific role
bacman	xsldoc	1	No specific role
rajal	xsldoc	0	Developer
il_santo	xsljoke	1	No specific role
ovidiu	xslt-process	1	Project Manager
taddyman	xslt-process	0	No specific role
luzmendoza	xslt4exml	0	Developer
theogough	xslt4exml	1	No specific role
sexiko	xsltbuddy	1	No specific role
pgolovin	xsltml	1	Project Manager
shade33	xsltml	1	Developer
thertz	xsltml	0	Developer
balls	xsltsl	1	Project Manager
cce	xsltsl	0	Developer
dasman	xsltsl	0	Developer
doss	xsltsl	0	Developer
injektilo	xsltsl	0	Developer
leomonus	xsltsl	0	Developer
mhummel	xsltsl	0	Developer
reinout	xsltsl	0	Developer
stu001	xsltsl	0	Developer
kosek	xslttmapi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
xjanp40	xslttmapi	1	No specific role
rbala	xsphplib	1	Project Manager
stellars	xsphplib	1	Developer
banjo	xsql	1	No specific role
xertoz	xsqlapi	1	No specific role
dvorme	xswt	1	No specific role
hallvard	xswt	0	Developer
janmagpet	xswt	0	Developer
yuyou	xswt	0	Developer
geaz	xtas	1	No specific role
csepulv	xteamworks	1	No specific role
wrakocy	xteamworks	1	Developer
ttate	xtemplate	1	No specific role
adragos	xterminal	1	No specific role
vg103	xtestsuite	1	No specific role
tdanylak	xtom	1	No specific role
rcclaffe	xtoxml	1	No specific role
marleydc	xtrans	1	No specific role
zc2	xtrans	1	Project Manager
schemitz	xtreme	1	No specific role
ayerra	xtremesuite	0	No specific role
indukumar	xtremesuite	0	Developer
jeje	xtremesuite	1	No specific role
medkouri	xtremesuite	0	No specific role
purikk	xtremesuite	0	Developer
p-ultrid	xul	0	Developer
vamp201	xul	1	No specific role
flegens	xulbooster	1	No specific role
jvalduvieco	xulrecordset	1	Developer
laziguanara	xulrecordset	1	Project Manager
t_inoue	xunicode	1	No specific role
kdmurthy	xunit	1	No specific role
santoshd	xunit	0	No specific role
osych	xvcl	1	Project Manager
ndthomson45	xview4struts	1	No specific role
apasetti	xweaver	0	Developer
buerkeva	xweaver	0	Developer
ibirrer	xweaver	1	Project Manager
megli	xweaver	1	Developer
pnp-software	xweaver	1	No specific role
rohlik	xweaver	0	Developer
dzop	xwidget	1	Project Manager
jshowlett	xwing	1	Developer
polx	xwing	1	Developer
stephanmueller	xwork-quartz	1	No specific role
blais	xxdiff	1	No specific role
schilcote	xy-game-engine	1	No specific role
jimbodean	xybrix	1	Project Manager
plosson	xybrix	0	Developer
g_braad	xython	1	No specific role
mlh	xython	1	No specific role
aedil	y2l	1	No specific role
gigahurtz	yabsim	1	No specific role
acb-chevrant	yacdiff	1	No specific role
rnstech	yacg	1	No specific role
basic	yact	1	No specific role
mariuss	yact	0	No specific role
ade-development	yades	1	No specific role
ascholz	yaesockets	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
mqm	yaesockets	1	Developer
plamaiziere	yaesockets	0	No specific role
barthalg	yafumle	1	Developer
copypasters	yafumle	1	No specific role
grigorij	yafumle	1	Developer
keccs	yafumle	1	Developer
kunoka	yafumle	1	Developer
pocsolya	yafumle	1	Developer
boism	yagdiff	1	No specific role
jeugenepace	yagol	1	No specific role
jbrat	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
yahoo_sm	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
davibu	yajal	1	No specific role
mobileagent	yajal	0	No specific role
hampelratte	yajil	1	Developer
yegong	yajil	1	Project Manager
recipient00	yajl	1	No specific role
ajaygautam	yajul	0	Developer
kentv	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
maxcsaucdk	yajul	0	Developer
oneovthafew	yajul	0	Developer
pgmjsd	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
rsanders	yaktest	0	Developer
vputz	yaktest	1	Project Manager
vputz	yaktrack	1	No specific role
robject68	yaml4j	1	No specific role
pyropunk	yamlit	1	No specific role
deyaeddin	yanax	1	No specific role
alask	yaonl	1	No specific role
kayoff	yapcom	0	Developer
shlomoyona	yapcom	0	Developer
szabgab	yapcom	1	No specific role
iferca	yape	1	No specific role
stetzemd	yaprs	1	No specific role
eagleeis	yasa	1	No specific role
cypherx	yasper	1	No specific role
viergroupie	yasper	1	Developer
claesson92	yass-lang	1	No specific role
blabos	yatk	1	No specific role
ljcoomber	yatl	1	No specific role
mradestock	yatl	1	No specific role
samjones	yatl	1	No specific role
f_crivellaro	yav	1	No specific role
kare	yawa	1	All-Hands Person
cibes	yawebftp	1	No specific role
crsadun	yaxom	1	No specific role
indikabandara	yconfigfile	1	No specific role
filmor	ydoneum	1	Developer
treseizero_org	yed	1	No specific role
bgunusen	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
cheadquarter	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
jefbed	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
ostolski	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
pr_tiglao	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
yeyopepe	yeyokmlapi	1	No specific role
ashkbiz	yodap	1	Developer
sicli	yogl	1	No specific role
mtcyos	yoslib	1	No specific role
full-root	yourass	1	No specific role
yoxel	yoxel	1	No specific role
ydaye	ytl	1	No specific role
fwwarr	ywdt	1	No specific role
mmartin2	z80eclipse	1	No specific role
boo_boo	z80ex	1	No specific role
jnekl	z8encore	1	No specific role
viacoban	zamolxis	1	No specific role
anakein	zang	0	Developer
buennagel	zang	1	All-Hands Person
dcogan	zang	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jcscoobyrs	zang	0	Developer
junjp	zang	0	Developer
koudanshi	zang	0	No specific role
mvandam	zang	1	Developer
regen_r8	zang	0	Requirements Engineering
skaag	zang	0	Developer
swisslyons	zang	0	Web Designer
uskola	zang	0	Developer
w4z004	zang	1	Project Manager
bfallenstein	zaubertrank	1	No specific role
kanonenschwein	zaubertrank	0	No specific role
xah	zaubertrank	0	No specific role
ivanyukovich	zaval0000	1	Project Manager
lspwd	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
victor7k	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ivanyukovich	zaval0003	1	No specific role
ivanyukovich	zaval0005	1	No specific role
ivanyukovich	zaval0006	1	No specific role
abmccullough	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
akmal88	zclipse	0	No specific role
buddy1974	zclipse	0	No specific role
celek	zclipse	0	Developer
chambery	zclipse	1	Developer
marcus_malcom	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
michaelrhead	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
mmjohnso	zclipse	0	All-Hands Person
psyncho	zclipse	0	No specific role
shanenz	zclipse	0	Developer
timhickey	zclipse	0	No specific role
vvinnie	zclipse	0	Developer
rgiuly	zcontrols	1	No specific role
cstt	zdat	1	No specific role
cozman	zengine	1	Project Manager
cubber	zengine	1	Developer
elchem0	zengine	1	No specific role
bazald	zenilib	1	Project Manager
jaspervdg	zenlib	0	Developer
zenitram	zenlib	1	No specific role
zenspider	zenspider-cmp	1	All-Hands Person
alexanderb	zerberus	1	No specific role
bratfisch	zerberus	1	Developer
keithfralick	zerolibc	1	No specific role
jiye_zeng	zescript	1	No specific role
authen	zeti	1	No specific role
nekronomekron	zeus	1	Project Manager
jaron	zeusagent	1	No specific role
lyndon	zeusagent	1	No specific role
sgt101	zeusagent	1	No specific role
cgouiran	zfm	1	No specific role
rio	zfm	1	No specific role
elig	zgcs	1	No specific role
zhnt	zhnt	1	No specific role
xaghash	zig-project	1	No specific role
jrialland	zignal	1	No specific role
wjue	ziling	1	No specific role
neil_whitworth	zipcom	1	No specific role
gaogao	zipios	0	Developer
heikoh	zipios	0	Developer
logos114	zipios	0	Developer
pablobuiras	zipios	0	Developer
russel_winder	zipios	0	Developer
thomas	zipios	1	Project Manager
wiredduns	zipios	0	Developer
darrellulm	zippar	1	Project Manager
intavg	zippar	0	Web Designer
andrho	zk1	0	Developer
henrichen	zk1	1	Project Manager
jeanher	zk1	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jebberwocky	zk1	0	Developer
jimyeh	zk1	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jumperchen	zk1	0	Developer
robbiecheng	zk1	0	Developer
tomyeh	zk1	1	Project Manager
waterbottle	zk1	0	Developer
zanyking	zk1	0	Developer
samyem	zkbeans	1	No specific role
vagul	zlib-ada	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	zlib-palmos	1	All-Hands Person
munroe_r	zmenu	1	No specific role
prdutta	zmpls	1	No specific role
agreen	zoolib	1	Project Manager
cteplovs	zoolib	1	Developer
determinator	zoolib	0	Developer
eric_cooper	zoolib	1	Developer
evilrob	zoolib	0	Developer
goingware	zoolib	1	Developer
jburtis	zoolib	0	No specific role
jpjohnson	zoolib	0	Developer
mrw	zoolib	0	No specific role
rdclark	zoolib	0	No specific role
bkenwright	zorta	1	Developer
dmental	zorta	0	No specific role
frodof	zorta	0	Developer
jsz-	zorta	0	Graphic/Other Designer
lazmike	zorta	0	No specific role
noxz	zorta	0	Developer
orta	zorta	0	No specific role
prozacx	zorta	0	Developer
pue5tube	zorta	1	Developer
alzx	zparser	1	No specific role
mteira	zports	1	No specific role
psycho77	zports	1	Developer
randolpho	zproject	1	No specific role
cyphactor	zsrep	1	Developer
jcmdev0	zsrep	0	Developer
wohleb	zsrep	0	Developer
ominousminds	ztemplate	1	Project Manager
ecrahen	zthread	1	Unix Admin
albagj	zunit	1	Developer
lalo	zunit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mwkuster	zunit	0	Developer
rochael	zunit	1	Developer
randolpho	zwebedit	1	No specific role
deus164	zxcorp	0	Tester
zhen-xlogic	zxcorp	1	Developer
mikepb78	zxf	1	No specific role
bzimmer	zxpy	1	Developer
cnclark	zxpy	1	Developer
vspader	zycode	1	No specific role
czonsius	zzoss	1	Project Manager
jbreit	zzoss	0	Developer
ordnas	zzoss	1	Project Manager
comradehm	zztpp	0	Developer
jacobhammond	zztpp	0	Developer
wep	zztpp	1	No specific role
fernandoribeiro	pluggathon	1	Developer
rodrigoabreu	pluggathon	1	Developer
marcelschoen	pluginbox	1	No specific role
ronchese	pluginenviron	1	No specific role
scape93	svf	0	Developer
smplbird	svf	1	No specific role
ajjahagirdar	svgaengine	1	No specific role
sjthomas	svgmodeller	1	No specific role
dlemmermann	svgplugin	1	No specific role
condordes	plutils	1	No specific role
hatimk	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
janggerang	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
zohar_zi	plyxo	1	No specific role
da_loki	svneditor	1	No specific role
whales2134	svnreports	1	No specific role
cblin	svprog	1	No specific role
lecornet_o	svprog	1	Developer
quenee_j	svprog	1	Developer
tronics	svprog	1	Developer
orz	pmask	1	No specific role
kasatani	svt	1	No specific role
sursa	sw-engg-ide	1	No specific role
allancaplan	pmd	0	Developer
a_lumyanski	pmd	0	Developer
bluejohn	pmd	0	Developer
dpeugh	pmd	1	Developer
ezust	pmd	0	Developer
holobender	pmd	0	Developer
hooperbloob	pmd	0	Developer
jigerjava	pmd	0	Developer
kubacki	pmd	0	Developer
mikkey	pmd	0	Developer
nascif	pmd	0	Developer
olemartin	pmd	0	Developer
phherlin	pmd	0	Developer
rgustav	pmd	0	Developer
rpelisse	pmd	0	Developer
tkleiber	pmd	0	Developer
tomcopeland	pmd	1	Project Manager
tomslot	pmd	0	Developer
wfzelle	pmd	0	Developer
xlv	pmd	1	Developer
rhat	pmdmc	1	No specific role
kevin_conaway	pmdwlw	1	No specific role
mbrennan	swan	1	No specific role
andrewbates	swang	0	Developer
doogan551	swang	0	Developer
gopinath	swang	0	Developer
mattnapier	swang	0	Developer
russwyte	swang	1	Project Manager
chiefaua	pmking	1	No specific role
emre_zaim	pmking	0	Developer
mrc__	pmking	0	Developer
rolandus	pmking	0	Developer
seppo34	pmking	0	Developer
tanocelen	pmking	0	Developer
argaldo	pmlparser	1	No specific role
guw	swat	0	Developer
zhuangyy	swat	1	No specific role
grahamcarlyle	pmock	1	No specific role
phocker	swcalendar	1	No specific role
aprost	pmr	1	Developer
lpetit	pmr	0	Developer
larsmkris	sweepchecker	0	Developer
mailund	sweepchecker	1	Project Manager
mwestergaard	sweepchecker	0	Developer
dvorme	sweet-swt	1	No specific role
janmagpet	sweet-swt	0	Developer
joewinchester	sweet-swt	0	Developer
sstanchfield	sweet-swt	0	No specific role
celsogbj	pmtools	1	No specific role
luke_br	pmtools	0	Developer
gregm	pmw	1	No specific role
mandryka000	pmw	0	Developer
doughellmann	pmwcontribd	1	No specific role
k-fish	swep	1	Project Manager
ronnqvist	swep	0	Developer
neallester	swete	1	No specific role
darko1978	swflib	1	No specific role
darko78	swflib	1	No specific role
smaaps	pncs	1	No specific role
acmonkey	pnencompass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crazy4bass	pnencompass	0	No specific role
fixxx	pnencompass	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
madhatter7	pnencompass	1	Project Manager
saytheb	pnencompass	1	Developer
stephanwiesner	swiesnerxmlgui	1	No specific role
kingofgib	pnet6	1	No specific role
waaghman	swift-engine	1	No specific role
skoptelov	swiftprojects	1	No specific role
gustavodaud	pngdelphi	1	Developer
wpausch	swifu	1	No specific role
gilgamesh21141	pngraph	1	No specific role
davidnelson	pnlanguages	1	Project Manager
bgr	pnotepad	0	Developer
jhawkins	pnotepad	0	No specific role
missingintellec	pnotepad	0	Developer
ssteele	pnotepad	1	Project Manager
ssx	pnotepad	0	No specific role
deivsonrayner	swingcontroller	1	No specific role
abengoam	swinggestures	1	No specific role
adidas28	swingml	0	Developer
afotos	swingml	0	Developer
bmongar	swingml	0	Developer
dpitt	swingml	1	Project Manager
ecuellar	swingml	0	Project Manager
fadishami	swingml	0	No specific role
ghester25	swingml	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pluellen	swingml	0	Developer
tfite	swingml	0	Developer
ttolle	swingml	0	Developer
bluedevil2k	swingplus	1	No specific role
elgranazul	pnshadowrun	1	No specific role
thlee	swingweb	1	No specific role
bobintetley	swingwt	1	Developer
cjcole	swingwt	0	Developer
dannaab	swingwt	0	Developer
dgreen99	swingwt	0	Developer
laurentmartelli	swingwt	0	Developer
nikgu	swingwt	0	No specific role
scytacki	swingwt	0	Developer
seanf2061	swingwt	0	Developer
asclabs	swint	1	No specific role
crun	pp06	1	Project Manager
expaler	swiss-gd-knife	1	No specific role
joachimweiss	switch	1	Developer
loddel	switch	1	No specific role
dapissarenko	swixml-viewer	1	No specific role
delkos	swl	1	Developer
allnice	ppf	0	Developer
bananeweizen	ppf	0	Developer
cocane	ppf	0	Developer
deaded	ppf	1	Project Manager
edorfaus	ppf	0	Developer
far2fish	ppf	0	Developer
jawe	ppf	0	Developer
krachyn	ppf	0	Developer
numist	ppf	0	Developer
paulos	ppf	0	Developer
po0ky	ppf	0	Developer
xkr47	ppf	0	Developer
rmet0815	pphplib	1	No specific role
bsponline	ppi	1	No specific role
ericyxli	ppi	0	Developer
its-a-me-mario	ppi	0	Web Designer
defiant_penguin	swrapper	1	No specific role
andyglow	swt-datepicker	1	No specific role
sebthom	swt-datepicker	0	Developer
jmarantz	pprint	1	No specific role
abadjiev	swtfox	0	Developer
ivan_markov	swtfox	1	No specific role
zorak	swtset	1	No specific role
chrriis	swtswing	1	Project Manager
softwarewizard	swttocom	1	No specific role
vraravam	swtunit	1	No specific role
aziz	prctl	1	No specific role
amn3s1a	ps2dev	0	No specific role
karmix	ps2dev	1	Developer
kvaks	ps2dev	0	Developer
lovely	ps2dev	0	No specific role
mrbrown	ps2dev	0	Developer
now3d	ps2dev	0	No specific role
oobles	ps2dev	1	Project Manager
rc5stint	ps2dev	0	Developer
scotti	ps2dev	0	Developer
sjeep	ps2dev	0	Developer
thyng	ps2dev	0	Tester
chap	sxmmil	1	No specific role
assen	sxp	1	No specific role
dmaster97	sxrowset	1	No specific role
robertmm	psa-api	1	No specific role
aball	psc	1	No specific role
georgetho	pscux	0	Developer
iscux	pscux	1	No specific role
yoda22281	psjavalibrary	1	No specific role
davidconnell	psoweb	1	No specific role
bstpierre	psp-web	1	No specific role
charlie-pspde	pspde	1	Developer
kevina	pspell	1	No specific role
keidel	psplots	1	Project Manager
yoda22281	psretprojects	1	No specific role
francisandre	pstreams	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
redi	pstreams	1	Developer
robertmacgrogan	pswing	1	No specific role
psychomad	psycholib	1	No specific role
alphatia	ptclanserver	1	No specific role
ceeclipse	ptclanserver	0	Developer
darkbyte	ptclanserver	0	Developer
icthux	ptclanserver	0	Developer
quantumfusion	ptclanserver	0	Developer
zorainic	ptclanserver	0	Developer
foozy	ptlog	1	No specific role
ned14	ptmalloc2	1	No specific role
myddrin	ptmb	1	No specific role
rpbg123	ptr-vector	1	No specific role
forsaken_dragon	ptrivia	1	Project Manager
jeffwilson12	ptrivia	0	Web Designer
programmer16	ptrivia	1	No specific role
hovik	ptypes	1	Developer
jpr5	ptypes	0	Developer
mark_lentczner	ptypes	0	Developer
dtroller	pul	1	Developer
morb	pul	1	Developer
gfuta	pulpit	1	Project Manager
mikosoft	pulpit	1	No specific role
pawlos	pulpit	1	Developer
pstachal	pulpit	0	Developer
opium	pulpitum	1	Developer
kolham	pumaengine	0	Developer
sevendust	pumaengine	1	No specific role
rotsenm	puno	1	No specific role
antonyhosking	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
frankm78	purdue-penumbra	1	Project Manager
igorfoox	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
justinmanus	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
shazbotus	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
klorofil	purefect	1	No specific role
jabberbeak	pureinteraction	1	No specific role
alil	purple	1	Developer
bunnz	purple	1	All-Hands Person
klhurley	purple	0	Developer
m_hael	purple	0	Developer
caye	pushex	1	Developer
hendrik-speck	pushex	0	Developer
weidlix	pushex	1	Developer
stodge	pv3dglib	1	No specific role
natenewz	pvigil	0	Developer
newz2000	pvigil	1	No specific role
wilhelmi	pvm-plus-plus	1	Project Manager
caseyrad	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
habitaire	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
interpro	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
jeff4amy	pvxhelpdesk	1	Project Manager
ldoornek	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
lleavell	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mcclegd	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mcongdon	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mrbojangles	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
nealmckinney	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
nth	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
shornick	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
coppertronian	pword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mnoon	pword	1	Developer
petertt	pword	0	Developer
aditsu	pwrgrid	0	Developer
black_adder	pwrgrid	1	No specific role
bmuirhead	pwss	1	Developer
simplespirit	pwss	1	No specific role
d_starke	pxelasticlayout	1	No specific role
rodrigogarcia	pxjpf	1	No specific role
yayo75	pxw4pa	1	No specific role
xfred	compbench	1	No specific role
benoitx	jtreemap	1	Developer
ekingulen	jtreemap	0	Developer
jense128	jtreemap	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
marchy	jtreemap	1	Project Manager
bubblenut	phpdance	1	No specific role
jsweat	phpdatacache	1	No specific role
craneandcrow	publictest	0	Web Designer
ianmills	publictest	1	No specific role
