a-gopal	jdepends	1	No specific role
a-otto	php4win32	1	Developer
a-san	jmichelle	1	No specific role
a-sennov	kaji	1	No specific role
a-shneyderman	grdevtools	1	No specific role
a1kmm	cellml	1	Project Manager
a1kmm	uxfc	1	No specific role
a1s	roundup	0	Developer
a3dge_mac	a3dge	0	Doc Writer
aa29	xao	0	Developer
aaditya	sim85	1	Developer
aadwight	satchel	0	Developer
aaff	phpmedia	0	No specific role
aage	poshmodule	0	Developer
aalam	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aaldeveloper1	applautolayer	0	Developer
aanand	jlauncher	0	Developer
aananiev	mockejb	1	No specific role
aanassar	utplsql	0	Developer
aandrade4321	spiritdk	0	Developer
aanjhan	gnusim8085	0	Developer
aanno	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
aantov	sdoclet	1	Project Manager
aarendsen	springframework	0	Developer
aaronbockover	codeconnect	1	All-Hands Person
aaronbowen	ltp	0	Web Designer
aaronwhittier	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
aaron_windsor	boost	0	Developer
aarre	php2py	1	No specific role
aashishpatil	wdkeclipseplug	1	Developer
abadger1999	qa-assistant	1	No specific role
abadjiev	swtfox	0	Developer
abadox	sdlmm	0	Developer
abaguidev1	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abaguidev3	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abaguidev4	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abah	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
abajolet	opencare	1	Developer
abalabanb	mailtext	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aball	psc	1	No specific role
abartlett	processdash	0	Developer
abashev	nosa	1	No specific role
abassanezi	xhgtk	0	No specific role
abates	axualize	0	Developer
abavarian	mp-plugins	0	Developer
abayley	haskell-libs	0	Developer
abbasi_4	requisito	1	No specific role
abbyz	xjeez	1	No specific role
abcdem	perl-oak	0	Developer
abcoates	sut	0	No specific role
abcoates	xmlp	1	Project Manager
abcrumley	mvcdotnet	1	Project Manager
abdelkarim	oma-scts	0	Developer
abdennour	ai-standards	0	Developer
abdulrazaq	powercell	1	No specific role
abegtrup	qcijutils	0	Developer
abelcodemonk	pythoncard	0	Developer
abelcodemonk	xproadmap	1	Developer
abelsson	jabcpp	0	Developer
abengoam	swinggestures	1	No specific role
abertoll	sdlgraph	1	No specific role
abewhite	serp	1	No specific role
abeynaike	xoops	0	No specific role
abfinger	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
abhi0704	dalp	0	Developer
abhihere	id-validate	0	Developer
abhinav_kr	wxedi	0	Developer
abial	luke	1	No specific role
abisma	ivm	1	Web Designer
abisma	phantarei	1	No specific role
ablettr	mase	0	No specific role
abmccullough	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
abo	librsync	1	Developer
aborr	tls	0	No specific role
abrager	acid	0	Developer
abretz	ceb	1	No specific role
abretz	opendte	0	Developer
abreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
abscess	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
absinth_kobold	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
absorto	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
abulava	torba	1	Developer
abumarsa	e-demon-online	1	No specific role
abupon	csvtokenizer	1	No specific role
aburrido1805	codev	0	Developer
abxabx	wxtv	1	No specific role
abx_2112	arbiter	0	Developer
abzero	baj	1	Developer
ac0dr	ecldbtool	1	Developer
acain	jmetric	1	Developer
acannone	jbi4cics	1	Developer
acannone	jbi4corba	1	No specific role
acapnotic	pypi	0	Developer
aceccarelli	dotweb	0	No specific role
acelet	global-environm	1	No specific role
achimgaedke	xmlio	1	Project Manager
achimwackerow	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
achumakov	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
achyut	dalp	1	Project Manager
acidbase	pymaemo	1	Project Manager
acid_head	allegimmicks	1	No specific role
acid_jack	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
acinom	stripes-barcode	1	No specific role
ackahn	gnotepad	1	No specific role
ackbarr	xoops	0	Developer
acki	xlife	1	No specific role
acl4551	formps	0	Distributor/Promoter
acl4551	xfr	1	Unix Admin
aclong	quill	1	No specific role
acm3	postnukedevpack	1	Developer
acme	aspect-perl	1	Developer
acme	classfile-perl	1	No specific role
acme	graphviz-perl	1	No specific role
acme	parseperl	0	Developer
acmonkey	pnencompass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
acmx	acmx	1	Developer
acneto	jim2mov	1	No specific role
acombe	eclipseas	1	No specific role
acoopersmith	xprint	0	Developer
acoronasz	jgrinder	0	Project Manager
acraciun	bcuml	1	No specific role
acruikshank	soapanywhere	0	Developer
acsacs	uml4j	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
acsirmaz	wtrack	1	No specific role
acsoftware	jvcl	0	Doc Writer
actiecon	utplsql	0	Developer
activebpel	activebpel	1	No specific role
activegrid	activegrid	1	All-Hands Person
activeleo	jsmartdepend	1	Project Manager
activesphere	phpas	1	Project Manager
acti_solutions	activscm	1	No specific role
ad-rocha	intellime	1	Project Manager
adah	nvwa	1	No specific role
adam410	tempophp	1	No specific role
adamcgross	sforce	1	Developer
adamdickmeiss	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
adamel	ggi	0	No specific role
adamgent	distpro	1	Developer
adamkangas	gsk	0	No specific role
adamkauffman	drjava	0	Developer
adamkennedy	camelpack	0	Developer
adamkennedy	parseperl	1	No specific role
adamkennedy	poe	0	Developer
adamkennedy	proton-ce	0	Developer
adamm	av3d	1	All-Hands Person
adammil	gamelib	1	Developer
adamselene	maven-erlang	1	Project Manager
adamskogman	ivyplugins	0	Developer
adamskogman	ldaptemplate	0	Developer
adamspiers	perlunit	1	Developer
adamvan	nunitforms	0	Developer
adam_liyi	posixtest	0	Developer
adam_oa	debiancell	0	Developer
adaplas	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
adarovsky	persistence	1	No specific role
adb2001	uxlib	1	No specific role
adbit	xmlcpg	1	Project Manager
adcockj	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ade-development	yades	1	No specific role
adean_75	ilabs	0	Support Manager
adeel79	prograde	0	Developer
adegert	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
adejneka	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
ademaraguiar	javaml	0	Developer
adenegri	vaniglia	0	Developer
adepereyra	dataexplorer	1	No specific role
adewale	pyxmlunit	1	No specific role
ade_br	dumbtransfer	1	Project Manager
adicarlo	sgmltools-lite	0	Developer
adidas28	swingml	0	Developer
adil_kabbaj	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
adinath_kamode	utplsql	0	Developer
adinu	jseditor	1	No specific role
aditsu	pwrgrid	0	Developer
aditsu	smart-library	1	Developer
adityapandit	esper	0	Developer
adityapandit	shellscriptor	1	No specific role
adlair	qtcsharp	0	Developer
admin	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
admorgan	wxart2d	0	Developer
adnova	codetohtml	1	No specific role
adouma	wicket	0	Developer
adr2	sybaseclx	1	No specific role
adragos	docpp	1	Project Manager
adragos	xterminal	1	No specific role
adrak	gameblade	0	Developer
adrenaline	infinity	1	No specific role
adrian-colyer	springframework	0	Developer
adrianoc	serialwizard	1	Developer
adrianogf	jcproject	1	No specific role
adrianogf	scacad	1	Developer
adrianprice	obe	1	Project Manager
adrian_brown	droid	1	Project Manager
adrian_sutton	freecard	1	No specific role
adrozdov2005	elips	1	All-Hands Person
adsp	fann	0	No specific role
aduain	jethro	0	No specific role
adubey	ocaml-lib	1	No specific role
adymo	kdevelop	1	Developer
ad_admin	lightworking	1	No specific role
aeb	libraw1394	1	No specific role
aeden	databind	1	Developer
aeden	edenlib	1	No specific role
aeden	formproc	1	Developer
aeden	jfeedback	1	No specific role
aeden	jpublish	1	Project Manager
aeden	logitest	1	Project Manager
aeden	obe	1	Project Manager
aeden	wafer	1	Project Manager
aedil	y2l	1	No specific role
aefimov	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
aefimov	phantom-common	1	Developer
aegluke	lptk	0	Developer
aeinbu	bananadotnet	0	Developer
aelman	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
aenarionita	ackronic	1	No specific role
aenbacka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aenon	esper	0	Developer
aepryus	aeputil	1	No specific role
aerique	cl-sdl	1	Developer
aernst	openquasar	0	Developer
aertl	thinking-forth	0	Developer
aeschylus	oges	0	No specific role
aethon	csstidy	0	Developer
aevernon	slate	0	Developer
aeyr	sqdev	1	No specific role
aeyr	sqplus	0	Developer
afalaise	cvk	1	Project Manager
afanofosc_99	bricxcc	1	No specific role
afarello	jedit	0	No specific role
afarouk	asyncaction	1	No specific role
afarouk	msiprogramming	1	No specific role
afb	wxd	1	Developer
afecelis	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
afederici	ewcc	0	Developer
aferende	netsqlazman	1	No specific role
afe_coda	libqxt	1	Project Manager
afilias	epp-rtk	0	Developer
aflinton	xmlmiddleware	1	No specific role
afogleson	struts	0	Developer
afotos	swingml	0	Developer
afpineda	volumemanager	1	No specific role
afr0	d3dcp	1	No specific role
afreid	xpweb	0	Developer
afsinb	jdlist	1	No specific role
afsoft	afphpclasslib	1	No specific role
afterlife69	phpbbproject	1	Developer
afyzendo	wxhaskell	0	Developer
agalimberti	afc	1	No specific role
agaroffolo	xforge	1	Developer
agarza	jshttptest	1	No specific role
agathocles	clx-report	0	Developer
agathos	aba	1	Project Manager
agatocles	basicportal	0	Developer
agechu	activegrid	0	No specific role
ageitgey	jgimp	0	Developer
ageldama	ejgamekit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ageldama	sdlhan	1	All-Hands Person
agent009	agentacademy	0	Tester
ager	refchecker	0	Developer
agfitzp	jseditor	1	Developer
aggro80	ossdevstudio	1	No specific role
agiardina	merlinwork	1	No specific role
agibbs1	protrak	1	Graphic/Other Designer
agiledevcore	easyphpfw	1	No specific role
agilejava	acai	0	No specific role
aginos	nunitasp	0	Developer
agiolito	sanscini	1	Developer
aglaforge	cslogger	1	No specific role
aglitke	lbs	0	Developer
agnar	coda	1	No specific role
agoubard	xmlenc	0	Developer
agr1	iscsitarget	0	Developer
agraef	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
agree	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
agreen	zoolib	1	Project Manager
agreysukh	basicportal	0	No specific role
agriggio	pyallegro	1	Developer
agrosam	whisper2	0	Developer
agstools	btrack	1	No specific role
agstools	gtkwrap	1	No specific role
aguevara	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
aguevara24	codebook	0	Developer
aguiar	cpptools	1	No specific role
aguiar	pysnippet	1	No specific role
aguimar	perl-oak	0	Developer
aguizar	jbpm	1	Developer
agunghp	fxmlrpt	0	Developer
agurtovoy	boost	0	Developer
agw_linux	blake	0	Content Management
ahaines	tponguardclx	1	Project Manager
ahakkinen	paktool	1	No specific role
aharper	cobolic	1	Project Manager
aherbig	mase	0	Developer
ahmedmmahmoud	allianceless	0	Developer
ahoeglmeier	jthread	0	Developer
aholzmann	gtkmm	0	Developer
ahs3	prospect	0	Developer
ahsile	dbconverter	1	Project Manager
ahuser	dpp32	1	Developer
ahuser	freeclx	1	Project Manager
ahuser	jcl	0	Developer
ahuser	jvcl	0	Developer
ahuser	qtcsharp	0	Developer
ahuser	qtwin	0	Developer
ahuser	xlibvcl	1	No specific role
ahyeop	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
ai024	as2lib	0	Developer
aias	cool	0	Developer
aibba	mockrunner	1	Project Manager
aice007	ewerbung	1	No specific role
aidan_skinner	ascl	1	Project Manager
aigan	wraf	1	Project Manager
aiju	ldap-pp	1	Developer
aim4min	roller	0	No specific role
aimoz	cvk	0	Developer
aingram	log4cpp	0	Developer
ainvar	kaiview	1	No specific role
airatsa-sf	jservo	1	No specific role
airborne	libcddb	1	Developer
airfoyle	clocc	0	Developer
airlied	mesa3d	0	Developer
airliner83	remotedb	1	No specific role
airwaves	osdldbt	0	Developer
airy	augui	1	All-Hands Person
aisotton	winpp	1	No specific role
aitorsm	fd-doc	1	All-Hands Person
aittner	lsp2html	1	No specific role
aiue3	chimaira-xion	1	No specific role
aivarannamaa	bolero	1	No specific role
ai_giovanni_ia	ai-standards	0	No specific role
ajalkane	libdht	1	Project Manager
ajalkane	libreudp	1	Developer
ajanicij	babylonlib	1	All-Hands Person
ajavaguru	jlauncher	1	No specific role
ajavaguru	jrealms	1	Project Manager
ajaxcn	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
ajaxforms	ajaxforms	1	No specific role
ajaxforms	jscore	1	No specific role
ajaygautam	yajul	0	Developer
ajcompany	activelock	0	No specific role
ajdonnison	dothelp	0	Developer
ajduncan_1	chisel	1	No specific role
ajeru	f2f	1	Project Manager
ajevic	springnet	0	Developer
ajitpasi	diduce	0	No specific role
ajjahagirdar	svgaengine	1	No specific role
ajlohr270	ccursor	0	No specific role
ajmitch	dcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ajmitch	gstreamer	0	Developer
ajoo	gill	1	Developer
ajpatter	sourceworf	1	No specific role
ajramire	x3p	1	No specific role
ajrw-cywolf	ika	0	Developer
ajs84	ultrazig	1	No specific role
ajuckel	eclipseejb	1	No specific role
ajv	osda	1	No specific role
ajvwaay	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
ajwans	cppisf	1	No specific role
ak65535	phpseed	0	Developer
akafred	xradar	1	Project Manager
akalin	boost	0	Developer
akaplan	jedit	0	No specific role
akasper	xmltraverse	1	Developer
akawaka	kgb	1	Developer
akawaka	sdldoc	1	No specific role
akhe	activex	1	Project Manager
akheron	luamm	1	No specific role
akiaki007	dotgrid	0	Developer
akinsgre	jadetower	0	No specific role
akira_ag	lineargs	1	No specific role
akirschbaum	gridarta	1	Project Manager
akitabright	libtek	1	No specific role
aklimets	jedit	0	Developer
akmal88	zclipse	0	No specific role
aknight33	no-sod	0	Web Designer
akorolyov	digi	0	All-Hands Person
akosma	nteam	0	No specific role
akrassavine	cdk	0	Developer
aksergey	cairngormflex	1	No specific role
akshatgupta	cranks	0	No specific role
akshun_j	laptoplinux	1	Project Manager
akuchling	pypi	1	Project Manager
akuhrwahl	jsf-spring	1	Project Manager
akukula	pymssql	1	Project Manager
akunzle	storytime	1	All-Hands Person
akuorela	jreleaser	0	Developer
akurtakov	solareclipse	0	Developer
akx	pyallegro	1	Project Manager
alaffin	ltp	0	Developer
alagumadhu	microshare	0	Developer
alaiba	pechy	1	Project Manager
alain-couthures	xmlcsharp	1	No specific role
alain001	rpy	0	Developer
alainmaison	gtkspell	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alainmoran	flmobf	1	No specific role
alain_desilets	voicecode	1	Project Manager
alan	opensched	1	Project Manager
alan13	javatui	1	No specific role
alan13	nfop	1	Developer
alan13	stepbystep	1	No specific role
alancmoore	jdarth	1	No specific role
alancunningham	pasdiff	1	Project Manager
alandpearson	testmaster	1	No specific role
alanh	mesa3d	1	Developer
alanhardy	compass	0	Developer
alanjuden	xoops	0	Developer
alanlb	bekaffe	0	No specific role
alantar	cdx	0	No specific role
alan_borsato	chiron	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	appfoundation	1	No specific role
alan_k	phpmole-ide	1	No specific role
alask	yaonl	1	No specific role
alasota	toster	1	Project Manager
alastair	sut	0	Developer
alavelle	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
albacore	snapper	1	No specific role
albagj	zunit	1	Developer
albamuth	galacticfront	0	Graphic/Other Designer
albel	tabletag	1	No specific role
alben	tinycxx	1	No specific role
alberanid	daxfi	1	Project Manager
alberanid	imdbpy	1	Developer
albert-thuis	tutti	0	Developer
albert254	reveil	1	No specific role
albertbuyo	earcon-adf	0	Developer
albertcc	facturalux	0	Developer
albertoco	humano2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
albertoparo	anjuta	0	Developer
alberts3	s3fc	1	No specific role
albertstrasheim	jepp	0	Developer
albertwang	xrun	0	Web Designer
albion	totalsecurity	1	No specific role
alboehm	libadacrypt-dev	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alcabon	jregexptester	1	Developer
alchemar	tolop	1	Developer
alcinf	m3tk	1	No specific role
alcir	clx-report	0	Developer
aldettmer	dbexpressplus	1	Developer
aldettmer	uopl	0	No specific role
aldot	ggi	0	Tester
alecclews	almsuite	1	Project Manager
alecn2002	num2str	1	No specific role
alecthomas	devtodo	1	No specific role
alejsama	remoteapps	1	No specific role
alekhin	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
alenico84	edumips64	0	Developer
alessage	ciclope	1	No specific role
aleucht	fibs	1	Project Manager
alevin	jedit	0	Developer
alex-flint	prado	0	Developer
alex319	findbugs	0	No specific role
alex89ru	bfv89ru	1	No specific role
alexagr	ace-radius	1	No specific role
alexanderb	mmix-mode	1	No specific role
alexanderb	zerberus	1	No specific role
alexandresw	m3dea	1	Developer
alexannika	kprof	0	Developer
alexannika	lowlevellib	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
alexduerloo	allianceless	0	Web Designer
alexdupre	myphpnuke	0	Developer
alexfont	lbaprojects	0	Web Designer
alexgarzao	holo	0	No specific role
alexgirao	atma	1	Project Manager
alexgirao	gcslib	1	No specific role
alexgs	pymorph	0	Developer
alexhornby	libodbcxx	1	Developer
alexhornby	quickfix	0	Developer
alexili	cama	1	No specific role
alexisisaac	flashmidi	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	boost-extras	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	edll	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	unigw	1	No specific role
alexjc	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
alexjc	fear	1	All-Hands Person
alexjcampbell	nteam	0	Project Manager
alexjost	openquasar	1	All-Hands Person
alexjunq	jeez	0	Project Manager
alexkid2000	fortesreport	0	Developer
alexl	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
alexlamsl	napkinlaf	0	Developer
alexmcmanus	tinyndi	1	No specific role
alexorso	insectj	1	Project Manager
alexoss	libodbcxx	0	Developer
alexperry	pyserial	0	Developer
alexph	wxxcd	0	Developer
alexportnov	quantitymanager	1	No specific role
alexsilv	mxml	0	Developer
alexsilv	wefts	0	Developer
alexsisson	gcpi	1	No specific role
alexsott	gpsd	1	No specific role
alexstrickland	hwgui	0	Developer
alextweedly	pythoncard	1	Developer
alexvam	osc-reloaded	1	Project Manager
alexvn	cncc	1	No specific role
alexvn	cpp-perfometer	1	No specific role
alexvn	cpp-sockets	1	No specific role
alexvx	myphpframework	1	No specific role
alexxus	xoops	0	Developer
alexxy	libxml2f90	1	No specific role
alexyeo	fddtools	0	Developer
alexyeo	jkernel	1	No specific role
alex_benson	mixlanguage	1	No specific role
alex_bob	qt1l	0	Developer
alex_hal9000	gcode	1	No specific role
alex_iliasov	cama	1	Project Manager
alex_nanou	pli	1	No specific role
alex_peake	schematics	1	Developer
alex_ramos	voicecode	0	Developer
alex_t_king	documentation	1	No specific role
alfa	arm0nia	1	Developer
alfeller	pipe2	0	Developer
alferov	xoops	0	Developer
algorithmist	lesser-libs	0	Developer
alharper	menucracker	0	Developer
aliazarbayejani	boost	0	Developer
alicemirror	palmtv	1	No specific role
alicubed	id-validate	0	Developer
alien999999999	dynarr	1	No specific role
alien999999999	libbt	0	Developer
alienid	muos	1	No specific role
alik	wxtoolbox	1	No specific role
alil	purple	1	Developer
alimills	asunit	1	Project Manager
alisdairm27386	boost	0	Developer
alito	glimmer	1	All-Hands Person
alito	pymssql	1	Developer
alixaxel	guns	1	No specific role
ali_shabdar	gozaresh	1	No specific role
alkaid	lugman	0	Developer
alkise	boost	0	Developer
alkresin	hwgui	1	No specific role
allanblackwell	idxml	0	Developer
allancaplan	pmd	0	Developer
allan_kuchinsky	csbi	0	Developer
alldrix	notes2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
allegdev	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
allenb	ggt	1	Project Manager
allenb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
allenb	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
allenb	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
allen_oneill	internetdirect	0	Developer
alley	loomthread	1	No specific role
allnice	ppf	0	Developer
almaw	wicket	1	Developer
almskou	wsis	0	Developer
alnsn	boost	0	Developer
alnsn	conststring	0	No specific role
alnsn	cpp-experiment	1	Developer
aloeffler	vrvis	1	No specific role
alonk	libbash	1	Developer
alonsoft	formhammer	0	No specific role
alou2	xpweb	0	Developer
alparsla	samproj	1	No specific role
alperok	rideproject	1	Developer
alperoze	pl-ray	1	No specific role
alpeter	b-forms	1	No specific role
alpha42	code-x	0	Developer
alphacoder	drjava	0	Developer
alphakiller	comos	1	Project Manager
alphakiller	freeflash	0	Developer
alphaprojects	timeandmoney	0	No specific role
alphatia	ptclanserver	1	No specific role
alpineguy	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
alqualos	libqxt	0	No specific role
alruiz15	aop-attr-cache	1	No specific role
alruiz15	wanghy	1	Developer
alsemm	ferry	1	Developer
alsierra	libavc1394	0	Developer
alsutton	asxmlp	1	No specific role
alsyd	dbconverter	0	No specific role
altctrldel	jsmartdepend	1	No specific role
altememy	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
alteridem	cplusplus	0	Developer
altheengineer	dapact	1	All-Hands Person
altugbayram	gnu-tr	0	Developer
altumano	pldoc	1	Project Manager
aluepke	simteec	1	No specific role
alvarado	ltilib	1	Project Manager
alvaro456	buglet	1	No specific role
alwick	arch4j	1	Developer
alzx	zparser	1	No specific role
al_ben	elixre	0	Developer
amackey	dbix-graph	1	Developer
amaddeus	myphpbikelog	1	No specific role
amadvance	scale2x	1	No specific role
amahier	jacs	0	Developer
amai	lesstif	0	No specific role
amai	meditres	1	Developer
amai	xlt	1	No specific role
amaltsev	xao	1	Analysis / Design
amandato	wxcode	0	Developer
amangla	rtpdemo	0	Developer
aman_aggarwal	tinyxpath	0	No specific role
amao671	sensorshooting	1	No specific role
amarches	xippo	1	Project Manager
amarillion	masking	0	No specific role
amarkiel	csbi	0	Developer
amarkowitz	freeclx	0	Developer
amathis101	ogf	1	No specific role
amazona	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
amb26	ponderutil	1	No specific role
ambelovsky	ibtlib	1	All-Hands Person
amc1	gausssoft	1	No specific role
amca	hini	1	No specific role
amd	asmcrew	0	No specific role
amecky	jconfig	1	No specific role
amecky	jlo	1	No specific role
amecky	perpojo	1	No specific role
amecky	slimdog	1	No specific role
ameetkulkarni	channelmanager	0	Developer
ameetkulkarni	javasip	0	Developer
amehta1066	xml-ezparse	1	No specific role
americ	commontest	1	No specific role
amersohail794	o2x	1	No specific role
amessner	opendte	1	Project Manager
amgad_s_youssef	eclipse-jcde	1	No specific role
amgonzalez	jdirdiff	1	Developer
amiller	jext	1	Developer
amir	codeweb	1	No specific role
amir	quickminer	1	No specific role
amir	stabilizer	1	No specific role
amisharmadillo	phpstep	0	Developer
amitkalekar	dalp	0	Developer
amitkirdatt	ranjan	1	No specific role
amitmehta	batchide	0	Developer
amit_dsp	mp3apollo	0	Developer
amk	pypi	0	Developer
amms	tinywidgets	0	No specific role
ammu	cool	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
amn3s1a	ps2dev	0	No specific role
amnuxoll	soar	0	Developer
amohombe	wrad	1	No specific role
amon-theba	thebadb	1	No specific role
amooy	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
amoreno	dfsm	1	No specific role
amos	regexplorer	1	No specific role
amoyav	facturalux	0	Developer
amperp	convertdatetime	1	No specific role
amsler	aslib2	1	Project Manager
amullendore	activegrid	0	No specific role
an2478	jsutils	1	No specific role
anacletoa	hornero	1	No specific role
anagha_m	kamaelia	0	Developer
anakein	zang	0	Developer
anaktos	nktspeview	1	Developer
anandsaha	stupid-utils	1	No specific role
anandsundaram	financialbase	0	No specific role
anantv	rosettawerks	0	Developer
anarchiex	xmemedit	0	Developer
anarion	perl-es	1	No specific role
anarquiax	html2php	1	No specific role
anarxia	jclassinfo	1	Project Manager
anazimok	regexbdr	1	No specific role
anblin	codenote	1	Developer
ancelot	anjuta	0	Developer
and-81	mp-plugins	0	Developer
and1024	qt1l	0	Developer
andamooker	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
andermarce	atma	1	Project Manager
anders1a	bossxo	1	Project Manager
andersk	log4j	1	No specific role
andersonrb	notes2	1	No specific role
andi75	freeglut	0	Developer
andieb	gladius	0	Tester
andihess	openshore	0	Developer
andijahja	hwgui	0	Developer
andijahja	xhuggle	0	Developer
andikt01	linviex	1	Project Manager
andimei	intoj	0	Developer
andimei	preclipse	0	Developer
andlil4711	nunitforms	0	Developer
andot	dwpl	0	Developer
andot	php-rpc	1	Project Manager
andras	c-minuit	1	No specific role
andreagoethals	jviz	1	No specific role
andreamedeghini	memstruct	1	Developer
andrearpin	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
andreasb	nor-mandrake	1	No specific role
andreasthiel	juca	1	No specific role
andreas_baumann	kmtraceviewer	1	No specific role
andreas_eidmann	cassandra	1	Project Manager
andreas_granzer	cassandra	0	Project Manager
andreas_hu	openwebload	0	Developer
andreas_huber69	boost	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	expect	0	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tclapplescript	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	tktable	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	tktreectrl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andreavalente	limacat	1	Project Manager
andrea_delucia	coconut	0	Project Manager
andrea_magni	camelos	0	Developer
andrea_piovesan	tdbtreeview	1	No specific role
andrei	phpmole-ide	1	Developer
andrei	snoopy	1	No specific role
andreic	masc	1	No specific role
andrej4000	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andrelouw	impi	0	Developer
andrelouw	pbof	0	Developer
andrenix	notes2	0	Tester
andrerestivo	peardboo	1	Project Manager
andresaude	pymorph	1	Project Manager
andresg	jatisat	0	Developer
andrev	guilt	1	No specific role
andrew-j	arbiter	0	Developer
andrew24601	extremebasic	1	No specific role
andrewbalan	easymessaging	1	No specific role
andrewbalan	easymm7	0	Developer
andrewbalan	easysmpp	1	Developer
andrewbates	swang	0	Developer
andrewbull99	libbetfair-api	0	Developer
andrewdenton	tiopf	1	Developer
andrewdenton	tporpheus	0	No specific role
andrewdenton	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
andrewescott	mobiledevtools	1	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpessence	0	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpsystools	0	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
andrewjb	mulib	0	Developer
andrewm1	phpgroupworks	1	Developer
andrewmcnamara	rpy	0	Developer
andrewpike	fidel	1	No specific role
andrewsquire	jfist	1	No specific role
andrewthegreen	element-python	1	No specific role
andrewytf	jooone	1	No specific role
andrew_golovnia	biew	0	Developer
andrew_ser	digi	0	No specific role
andreybehrens	facturalux	0	Developer
andreymirzoyan	libapl	1	No specific role
andreymirzoyan	xaosos	1	No specific role
andreyp	dynxform	1	No specific role
andre_hoekzema	webserviceedu	1	Developer
andre_savini	helpdesk1	0	No specific role
andre_viali	helpdesk1	1	No specific role
andrho	zk1	0	Developer
andriess	jgoose	1	Project Manager
andriess	programanalysis	0	No specific role
andru	papyrusreport	1	No specific role
andy47	pythoncard	1	Developer
andycolson	synedit	0	No specific role
andyglow	swt-datepicker	1	No specific role
andygryc	autorealm	1	Developer
andyhot	tacos	0	Developer
andyhubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Developer
andyjeffries	scintilla	0	No specific role
andylehane	joda	0	Developer
andymp	jlocator	1	No specific role
andyp	anjuta	0	Developer
andypiper	springframework	0	Developer
andyscherzinger	lagoony	1	Developer
andystreich	jedit	0	No specific role
andyze	celengine	1	Project Manager
andy_rushton	stlplus	1	Project Manager
anees042	geniejython	1	No specific role
anevilyak	scintilla	0	No specific role
anfern	sundowner	0	Developer
angarato_surion	bithundler	1	No specific role
ange1a	libssh2	0	No specific role
angeladp	jethro	0	No specific role
angelod	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
angelyonok	cool	0	Developer
anglewyrm	hat-container	1	No specific role
angnut	genesis-ist	0	Developer
angra	tclfr	1	No specific role
angrob	jobyx	0	Tester
angstrom	eclpce	0	Developer
anguilla	prjtool	1	No specific role
angus_ymchan	jbcheckstyle	1	No specific role
angus_ymchan	jbpropstruct	1	No specific role
anholt	mesa3d	0	Developer
anicoara	jprose	1	Project Manager
aniketbhatt	jedimath	0	No specific role
aniljc	insectj	1	Developer
anilpatel25	batchide	0	Developer
anilsaharan	cunit	1	Project Manager
animarathe	ltp	0	Developer
animefrance	animsrenaming	0	Developer
anir	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
anisotropy9	ilisp	0	Developer
anjahauth	javaquantity	1	Developer
anjalivarma	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
anju_kaul	parc	0	Developer
ankhcraft	doxymake	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	rabl	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	vim4j	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	zlib-palmos	1	All-Hands Person
ankurmaheshwari	miset	0	No specific role
ankurpatel78	chiphpug	0	No specific role
anlei	exml	1	No specific role
anlei	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
annauzi	jedit	0	Developer
anncatherine	cil-parser	0	Developer
anodos	concern	0	Developer
anodos	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
anoripi	milkbox	1	Developer
ansch	syspect	0	Developer
anschi	bonezengine	0	Developer
anshil	babylon	1	No specific role
anshulmishra	miset	0	No specific role
anshumanpurohit	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
ansuz	bits	1	No specific role
ant-roy	jedit	0	Developer
antares4berlin	rendertech	1	All-Hands Person
anter	phpmyxtree	1	No specific role
anthonybaxter	pypi	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	roundup	1	Developer
anthonyhib	hibernate	0	Developer
anthonyrc	lecroyib	1	No specific role
anthonyrc	lecroyvicp	1	No specific role
anthonyw	axemill	1	No specific role
anthonyw	boost	0	Developer
antifuchs	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
antis0c	jedit	0	Developer
antmo	utplsql	0	Developer
antocuni	webformkit	1	No specific role
antonb	tdb	1	No specific role
antoniogogo	projection	0	Developer
antonioprado	cobrabanco	1	Project Manager
antoniorm	dool	1	No specific role
antoniorm	gtkd	1	No specific role
antonvs	hibernate	0	Developer
antonvs	schematics	1	Project Manager
antonyhosking	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
antonywilkins	eclipsecoding	1	All-Hands Person
antony_corfield	jafer	1	Developer
anton_slutsky	jptapi	1	All-Hands Person
antoprovenzano	deveel-console	1	No specific role
antoprovenzano	deveel-regex	1	No specific role
antoprovenzano	minosseado	1	Project Manager
antoprovenzano	minossejdbc	1	Project Manager
antoprovenzano	sharpweather	1	Project Manager
anunez	grupohci	1	Project Manager
anuproject	sharpgrid	1	No specific role
anusandhan	port-access	1	No specific role
anwer	dattel	1	Developer
anyff	openmdx	0	Developer
aocampioni	gbboleto	0	Developer
apakkan	gnome-turk	0	Developer
apakuni	xaraya	1	Distributor/Promoter
apankrat	ipsec2k	1	No specific role
apankrat	libike	1	No specific role
aparzev	jeceira	1	Project Manager
apasetti	xweaver	0	Developer
apassionplay	gnu-tr	0	Developer
apataki	tmplugin	1	No specific role
apdougla	ematrix	1	No specific role
aperepel	rtpdemo	1	Project Manager
aperezbios	portabilitykit	1	No specific role
apersaud	npx	1	Project Manager
api-devlab	skratchpad	1	Project Manager
apierantonio	a-s-m	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
apiou	adgali	1	Project Manager
apis	fit-gui	1	Developer
apm42gpl	depdot	1	Project Manager
apmee	internetdirect	0	Developer
apnadkarni	twapi	1	All-Hands Person
apocal	poe	0	Developer
apopovic	aopi	1	No specific role
apopovic	jprose	1	No specific role
apostasy	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
apouratian	cplusplus	0	Developer
appealing	divinelogic	1	No specific role
aprost	pmr	1	Developer
aprybin	internetdirect	0	Developer
aptillman	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
apulsifer	elscr	1	No specific role
apurv	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
apurva_m	nstl	1	No specific role
aqsalter	csk	1	Doc Writer
aquamaniac	gwenhywfar	1	Project Manager
aquanight	vbwinapi	1	Developer
aqumsieh	tk-mdi	1	All-Hands Person
aradeski	jiggle	1	No specific role
aradeski	streamgpu	1	No specific role
aragonx	aragon	1	No specific role
aragorn	parseperl	0	Developer
araman	carbon	0	Developer
aramir	jsqlbuilder	1	No specific role
aravindalwan	cranks	1	Project Manager
arawakcc	jdna	0	Developer
ara_e_w	petsoar	0	Developer
arbi	jvf	1	No specific role
arborint	interchphplib	1	Developer
arbron	mups	1	Project Manager
arc116	coliseum	1	Project Manager
arcade1989	scripting	0	Tester
arcan	scripting	0	Tester
arcanum	srecord	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
archan	lainos	1	Graphic/Other Designer
archiecobbs	libpdel	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
architekt	tilelib	1	No specific role
arcl	corps	1	Project Manager
arcneeraj	servletunit	1	Unix Admin
arcomat	struts4php	0	Developer
arcwf	sanddune	1	No specific role
areggiori	rdfstore	1	Developer
arekmenner	ifi-picloader	0	Developer
areutter	ewglib	1	No specific role
arfrei	jprose	0	Developer
argaldo	pmlparser	1	No specific role
argenacho	jiraconn	1	Developer
argggh	lxr	0	Developer
arguepr	ccmdev	0	Developer
arguile_althor	trilldev	0	Developer
ariebs	osdb	1	No specific role
ariejan	colt	1	No specific role
arieroy	jxpfw	0	Developer
arimicci	phpcomdb	1	No specific role
arimus	jweather	1	Project Manager
ariossw	resknife	0	Developer
aris002	upp	0	Support Manager
arithon	neoengine	1	Developer
ariya	transgl	1	No specific role
arjaies	bruiser	1	No specific role
arjenmarkus	ftcl	1	No specific role
arjenmarkus	xml-fortran	1	No specific role
ark-sf	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
arkel	btp	0	Developer
arkhee	winapivbclass	1	No specific role
arlm	openboleto	0	Developer
arlm	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
armel	afupdevphp	0	Developer
armel	phpfaqtory	1	Project Manager
armel	systux	0	Developer
arminsteinhoff	openqnx	1	No specific role
arms22	embunit	1	No specific role
arnaud02	tidy	0	Developer
arnavpoch	wtl	0	Developer
arndh	ltilib	0	Developer
arnebab	germanmacosx	0	Developer
arnesol	gdapi	0	Developer
arnetheduck	gtkextramm	1	Developer
arnia	haskell-libs	0	Developer
arnokamphuis	ai-standards	0	Developer
arnost00	eobsystem	1	Developer
arntr	agilis	0	No specific role
arnuga	net-freedb	1	Developer
arobert	jedit	0	Developer
arodriguezm	facturalux	1	Developer
arodygin	etraxis	1	All-Hands Person
aronacher	pygments	1	Developer
aronb	ggt	1	Developer
aronb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
aronb	vrjuggler	1	Developer
aronb	xml-cppdom	1	Developer
arossi	keel	1	Developer
arpankotecha	codev	0	Developer
arpruss	palmfontconv	1	No specific role
arpruss	palmresize	1	No specific role
arrakis73	freestep	1	No specific role
arran4	arran4	1	No specific role
arsene-fr	buildutils	1	No specific role
arsh0r	siemapi	1	No specific role
arsousa	encnet	0	No specific role
artaza	vqt	1	No specific role
artee	visualsynapse	1	No specific role
artefaritaj	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
artemgr	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
artemk	wholetrack	1	No specific role
artfulgotcha	g2f3	1	No specific role
arthavus	mestrecontrol	1	No specific role
arthc	openlegends	0	Developer
arthc	openzelda	0	No specific role
arthurbergman	poe	0	Developer
arthurdo	htmltok	1	No specific role
arthur_cheng	openemcee	0	No specific role
artifexx	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
artimage	libbase32	0	Developer
artimage	libzstr	0	Developer
artimage	libzutil	0	Developer
artimage	pyutil	0	Developer
arturbac	iglwidget-clx	1	No specific role
artursignell	millstone	0	Developer
artymiak	pyxhtml	1	No specific role
arulzz	bugslife	1	Developer
arunarunarun	tcalc	0	Project Manager
arunkw	surviving-bots	1	No specific role
arun_bel	utplsql	0	No specific role
aruyant	soft-wars	1	No specific role
arvidn	luabind	1	Developer
arvindgopal	translet	0	Developer
arvindgupta	surviving-bots	0	Developer
arvindkumars	digi	0	Developer
arxip	pckdos	1	No specific role
arykz	fineplatform	1	No specific role
as49	gtk2hs	1	No specific role
as6o	jscope	1	No specific role
asabassi	ctcl	1	All-Hands Person
asabri	eclpce	0	Developer
asahni	gotjava	0	Developer
asal	jode	0	Developer
asbjornbiz	remotecalendars	0	Developer
asceai	megazeux	0	Developer
aschauer	python-ldap	0	Developer
aschild	xlsjdbc	1	No specific role
aschlapsi	sharprss	1	Developer
ascholz	yaesockets	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aschuma	ajstruts	1	No specific role
asclabs	ascphysics	1	No specific role
asclabs	phpgl	1	No specific role
asclabs	swint	1	No specific role
asdf4711	bugflow	1	Project Manager
aseesing	insectj	1	Developer
aselkirk	oje	1	No specific role
aseovic	springframework	0	Developer
aseovic	springnet	1	Developer
ashapochka	ashwood	1	No specific role
ashapochka	cayenne	0	Developer
ashevat	jcomet	1	No specific role
ashevat	jdsf	1	No specific role
ashishuttarwar	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
ashish_77	utplsql	0	Developer
ashish_cy	cadkit	0	Developer
ashkbiz	yodap	1	Developer
ashley-y	haskell-i18n	1	No specific role
ashley-y	hbase	1	No specific role
ashley-y	jvm-bridge	1	Project Manager
ashleychapman	maverick	0	No specific role
ashmore_dc	threadworks	1	No specific role
ashokm_83	fvs	0	Developer
ashore	openises	0	Project Manager
asia	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
asimbirt	epp-rtk	0	Developer
asimjalis	cutest	1	No specific role
asimon	armedbear-j	0	Developer
asimshankar	annie	1	No specific role
askalski	libmcal	0	No specific role
aslom	saxbench	1	No specific role
aslom	xni2xmlpull	1	No specific role
asnepvangers	jvcl	0	Developer
asnyatkov	wxtl	1	Developer
asola	bootman	1	No specific role
asola	foredoclet	1	Project Manager
asola	formhammer	1	No specific role
aspa	kvanttisms	1	No specific role
aspiering	nteam	1	Developer
aspinall	pilrcedit	1	Project Manager
aspnetgeek	nteam	0	No specific role
aspoerl	xoplon	0	No specific role
asriley	openagent	1	No specific role
ass3mbl3r	uuu	0	Developer
assen	sxp	1	No specific role
astahlhut	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
astahlhut	plstrutsit	0	Developer
astapov	haskell-libs	0	Developer
astar_	the7bind	1	No specific role
asthomps	golib	1	Project Manager
astiob	amath	1	All-Hands Person
astone42	loreandlutes	1	No specific role
astralissimo	laptoplinux	0	Developer
astrand	sshtools	0	Developer
astraw	matplotlib	0	Developer
astronouth7303	firstclipse	1	No specific role
astronouth7303	ifi-picloader	1	Developer
asual	enlarge	1	No specific role
asura77	gem4mac	0	No specific role
asymeon	agentacademy	1	Developer
asyriel	wxssl	0	Developer
as_tiwari	jxquick	0	No specific role
atalagk	freeterminology	1	No specific role
atamaniuk	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
atanveer	eproman	1	No specific role
atao2	keel	0	Developer
atarabrin	concern	0	Developer
athlonscripts	hermesweb	0	Developer
athomasgoldberg	ai-standards	0	Developer
atinkham	tde	0	No specific role
atiqe	mastoo	0	Developer
atjb	enyware	1	Distributor/Promoter
atkinson_b2	meta-jb	0	Developer
atlantico	firoz	0	Developer
atoku	parseconflib	1	No specific role
atomicdragon	gameblade	0	Developer
atomice	qtwin	1	Project Manager
atomm1024	cybercat	1	No specific role
atomm1024	libaim	1	No specific role
atomo64	cvscoup	1	No specific role
atomos	ivm	0	Developer
aton30	ckii1	1	No specific role
atotic	pydev	1	No specific role
atownley	te-code	1	No specific role
atr	jwarp	1	Project Manager
atretyakov	jpolls	0	Developer
atspi	kdev-mysql-drv	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-logging	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-oracle	1	No specific role
atzoris	kaistar	0	Developer
aubinmahe	jdynamite	0	Developer
audalio	caboquinho	0	Developer
audran	sofaa	1	Developer
augestad	libclc	1	Project Manager
augustinp	e-sqlcompare	1	Project Manager
augusto_roman	vcf	0	Developer
auke_booij	jctic	1	No specific role
aurelianito	schematics	0	Analysis / Design
aurelien0306	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
aurelius	linvb	1	No specific role
aurgo	wxcode	0	Developer
austcro	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
autarch	alzabo	1	All-Hands Person
autarch	perl-date-time	1	Developer
authen	zeti	1	No specific role
autowitch	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpapro	1	No specific role
autowitch	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
autowitch	tpessence	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpipro	0	No specific role
autowitch	tplockbox	0	No specific role
autowitch	tponguard	0	No specific role
autowitch	tporpheus	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpsrmgr	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpsystools	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
autrijus	cpanplus	0	Requirements Engineering
autrijus	parseperl	0	Developer
auxesis	xbashserv	0	Tester
avaji	jpedal	0	No specific role
avaneendra	mp3apollo	0	Developer
avanosdale	raid	1	No specific role
avatar	config-inifiles	0	Developer
avexrf	xrf-tool	1	No specific role
aviadbd	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
aviadbd	x2j	1	No specific role
aviadlich	jdsf	1	Developer
avibryant	aspectr	1	Developer
avibryant	iowa	1	No specific role
avicalev	absolutex	1	No specific role
avinoam	absolutex	0	No specific role
avishek	dfdedit	0	No specific role
avivh	jhotdraw	0	Developer
avix	jpivot	1	No specific role
avix	xoplon	1	No specific role
avjewe	alexautils	1	No specific role
avner78	classlocator	1	Developer
avollmer	jxunit	0	Developer
avz	hermesweb	0	No specific role
aw36	nusho	1	No specific role
awache	dwpl	0	Developer
awaredreams	java3dgamesdk	1	Project Manager
awegele	comwrapper	1	No specific role
awheeler	osdtk	1	Developer
awilliams	rubyeclipse	1	Project Manager
awodson	caboquinho	0	No specific role
awphuch	smoothiemods	0	Developer
awr84	jestart	1	No specific role
awreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
awtopensource	mdaworkbench	1	No specific role
awulf	drjava	0	Developer
awwaiid	goe	1	Developer
axcelis	openqueue	0	No specific role
axe69	ouvert	1	Project Manager
axelbuendia	ai-standards	0	Developer
axelchen	afkcfg	1	No specific role
axelcl	jsurfer	1	Tester
axelcl	phpeclipse	1	Developer
axelp	jamsel	0	Developer
axelp	messageforge	0	Developer
axelrod	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
axel_b	visualstruts	1	Developer
axeslinger	autorealm	0	Developer
axilmar73	libgc	1	No specific role
axionet	thymedes	1	Project Manager
axis3x3	uireview	1	No specific role
axlecrusher	ccursor	1	Developer
axonrg	xiki	1	No specific role
axxl	honkele	1	No specific role
ayashi	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
ayenderahien	nhibernate	0	Developer
ayerra	xtremesuite	0	No specific role
ayhan	cahitarf	1	No specific role
ayhan	easyldap	1	Analysis / Design
ayosher	kscope	0	Developer
ayqazi	libayq	1	All-Hands Person
aysenurengil	ide4db	0	No specific role
ayteng	ide4db	0	Editorial/Content Writer
azachar	valuelist	0	Developer
azappala	enterprisejini	1	Project Manager
azeneski	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
azhrarnlod	openwinbot	1	Project Manager
azhrarnlod	trilldev	1	Project Manager
azhyd	piklab	1	Project Manager
azidhouse	al4java	0	Developer
aziegelb	libcisco	1	No specific role
aziz	prctl	1	No specific role
azlatanov	lfc	0	Developer
azola7	cloudquest	0	Developer
azopteks	freewaste	1	Developer
az_sw_dude	boost	1	Developer
a_barbosa	drpython	0	No specific role
a_ilyin	elips	0	Developer
a_lumyanski	pmd	0	Developer
a_petrozzelli	concentre-xml	0	Developer
a_r_ferreira	java-fu	1	No specific role
a_sauerhoefer	acrypt	1	No specific role
a_senna	scat	1	No specific role
a_taherkordi	mx4j	0	Developer
a_thiele	tce	1	Developer
b-ignaces_9	hx-p	0	No specific role
b0z0mind	ajax	0	Developer
b0z0mind	luxor-xul	0	Developer
b1gdave	rubyqt	1	No specific role
b2e3	cweb	0	Developer
ba22a	perlunit	1	No specific role
bab	btools	1	No specific role
bab	java-readline	0	Developer
bab	kprof	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
babajaga	pgettext	1	No specific role
babebibobu	flprevalence	1	No specific role
babernat	mathcomp	1	No specific role
babis	jreg	1	No specific role
bablokb	java-readline	1	Project Manager
babounours	patchwork13	0	Developer
bacco77	jatclib	0	Developer
bachew	divtrin	1	No specific role
bachin	dwpl	0	Developer
backupsshnet	javaloganalyser	1	Developer
bacman	xsldoc	1	No specific role
badaro	mundo4j	1	No specific role
badawang	eimp	0	Developer
badegruber	artstkmkt	0	No specific role
badnick	thep2plattice	0	Developer
badzen	jest	1	Project Manager
bad_camel	badcamelgaming	1	No specific role
bafarrar	microjavadallas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bagder	ctrio	1	Developer
bagder	libssh2	0	Developer
bago75	ataraxia	1	Project Manager
bagrehc	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bahamutzero	xmemedit	0	Developer
bahgdadc	qaproxy	1	No specific role
bahgdadc	testfoundry	1	Developer
bahgdadc	testmaster	0	Developer
bailopan	amxmodx	1	Project Manager
bailopan	sourcemm	1	Developer
bailopan	sourcemod	1	No specific role
bain	multidb	1	Project Manager
baitalmal	bitleaf	1	No specific role
bajackson	sdtoolkit	1	No specific role
bak	pcj	1	No specific role
baklushin	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
bakoonet	cffbasic	1	No specific role
bakusf	underscormalloc	1	No specific role
balareddy007	hammurapi	0	No specific role
baldheadedguy	log4cplus	0	Developer
baldo	estlogger	1	Project Manager
baldo	estsearchdlgs	1	No specific role
baldree	petsoar	1	Developer
baldree	webwork	1	Project Manager
baldua	xippo	0	Developer
balilla	jink	1	Project Manager
balinares	pylgrim	1	No specific role
balisagar	expinc	1	No specific role
balise	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
baliuka	xorm	0	Developer
ballabio	g2dlib	1	No specific role
balliano	merlinwork	1	Developer
balls	xsltsl	1	Project Manager
balsterm	jvalid	0	Developer
balthazore	ogscorp	0	Developer
bambara	jedit	0	Developer
banane2000	ntacl	1	No specific role
bananeweizen	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
bananeweizen	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
bananeweizen	ppf	0	Developer
bandyt	gous	1	Project Manager
banger-amiga	autorealm	0	Developer
bangersnmash74	jbluez	1	No specific role
banglalinux	banglalinux	1	Developer
bango	rockspace	0	Developer
bangroot	ashkay	1	No specific role
banjo	xsql	1	No specific role
bansheetl	preclipse	0	Developer
bantham	gsk	0	Developer
bantik	projectory	1	No specific role
bantle	jwarp	1	Developer
banuradha	timeclipse	0	Developer
baohaojun	scim	0	Developer
bappa	htkit	0	No specific role
baraboom	xaraya	0	No specific role
baramir	fear	0	Distributor/Promoter
barang	exegraph	0	Developer
barbalet	ai-standards	0	Developer
barbarars	attrezzo	1	All-Hands Person
barmalej	sharplib	1	No specific role
barowc	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
barry-scott	cxx	1	Developer
barrygently	joj	1	No specific role
bart59	wxcode	0	Developer
barteo	microemulator	1	No specific role
barthalg	yafumle	1	Developer
barthe	easyunit	1	No specific role
bartthebart	sofaa	0	Developer
baruchel	contfrac	1	No specific role
basata	daemon4j	1	No specific role
basata	jtopas	1	No specific role
basck	sprstr	1	No specific role
bascule	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
basda	ncoder	1	No specific role
base13	graysky	1	No specific role
basebeans	basicportal	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
basebeans	struts	0	Developer
baserose	xingu	1	No specific role
basic	yact	1	No specific role
basic-master	amxmodx	0	Developer
basic-master	sourcemm	0	Developer
baskins	judy	1	No specific role
basoft	magesrc	0	Developer
bassclar	findbugs	0	Developer
bastek_	sgcl	1	No specific role
bastiaan	anyconfig	1	Developer
bastiaan	log4cpp	1	Developer
bastiaan	magnum	1	Developer
bastiaan	satedit	0	Developer
bastie	steuer	1	No specific role
bastintonyroy	jfern	0	No specific role
bas_gooijen	internetdirect	0	No specific role
batasari	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
batch4j	batch4j	1	No specific role
batek	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
batsman	lsed	1	No specific role
batyi	hessianpy	1	Developer
batzenkopp	sbev	0	All-Hands Person
baudrate	roller	0	Developer
bauhardt	weta	0	Developer
baxas	facturalux	0	Developer
baxissimo	wxart2d	0	Developer
bayard	javabeantester	0	Developer
bayard	xmlwriter	1	Project Manager
bayert	sqlrest	1	No specific role
baykit	tagprint	1	No specific role
bayt	goanna	1	Developer
bazald	zenilib	1	Project Manager
bazis	winavrloader	1	Unix Admin
bazis	winloader	1	No specific role
bazz	tclfr	1	No specific role
bazzargh	jaxen	0	Developer
bb75	xhuggle	0	Developer
bbadmin	helpgui	1	No specific role
bbaia	springnet	0	Developer
bbeaulant	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
bbell2000	javadatepicker	1	No specific role
bblfish	kafenio	0	Developer
bbou	wnjn	1	Developer
bbralo	oma-scts	0	No specific role
bbtech	jedit	0	Developer
bbum	pyobjc	1	No specific role
bbwang	mqzoom	1	No specific role
bb_dakraxor	bbsocket	1	No specific role
bcaesar	drjava	0	Developer
bcassand	vtclcheck	1	Project Manager
bcastill	carbonado	0	Developer
bcbell	firstclipse	0	Developer
bcbwebman	bcbdirectx	0	No specific role
bcb_freak	bcbdirectx	1	No specific role
bccryder	nfit	0	Developer
bcdc1980	opendws	0	No specific role
bcesare	ldapdotnetlib	1	No specific role
bchawk	timeandmoney	1	Content Management
bcholmes	amakihi	1	Developer
bcholmes	quantum	0	Developer
bcleal	clx-report	0	Developer
bcoconni	allegrogl	1	Developer
bcurtis	phpbt	1	All-Hands Person
bcurtis	tesly	1	Project Manager
bcwhite	starlib	1	No specific role
bdargan	jbenchmark	1	No specific role
bdb	libaim	1	No specific role
bde	leech	1	All-Hands Person
bdecaudin	salmon	0	Developer
bdenis	phpwheelform	1	No specific role
bdesgraupes	tclapplescript	1	No specific role
bdespain	xao	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bdhooper	chimpinstall	0	No specific role
bdompe	hopper	0	Developer
bdowning	sbcl	0	No specific role
bdrum	dbunit	0	Developer
bdtraj	vipsi	0	Developer
bdudney	cayenne	0	Developer
bduzik	saptam	1	Developer
beanie42	springframework	0	Developer
beansv6	cbitlib	1	No specific role
beatboxrocka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
bebemycat2	scarsrl	0	No specific role
beckchr	juel	1	No specific role
becker-pechau	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
beckmi	jedimath	0	Support Manager
beckmi	jvcl	1	Project Manager
beckmi	projectjedi	1	Project Manager
becwwilson	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
beders	afterthought	1	Project Manager
beders	ashkelon	0	Developer
bedick	chgpw	1	No specific role
beduino_xt	x-trad	1	Project Manager
beeky	jedit	0	No specific role
beepee357	tractim	1	No specific role
beep_tomoton	beepcore-java	0	Developer
beermandan	tpipro	0	Developer
beery	golib	1	Developer
beeson	tomcatide	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
beffy	torqueide	1	Project Manager
beharrell	opcxml	1	No specific role
behemotha	madeleine	0	No specific role
behounekc	struts4php	0	Developer
behroozi	anthillbm	1	No specific role
beigetower	beigetower	1	All-Hands Person
bekas	visualogrecore	0	Developer
bekkirene	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
bel70	informa	0	Developer
beleta	polux	1	No specific role
believe_in_geek	codfig	1	No specific role
bello	winflib	1	No specific role
bellursc	stdnet	0	No specific role
belmond	tresframework	1	No specific role
belopolsky	rpy	0	Developer
belugin	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
bemace	jedit	0	No specific role
beman_dawes	boost	1	No specific role
ben	tdb	1	No specific role
ben-franksen	haskell-libs	0	Developer
benalex	oness	0	No specific role
benalex	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
benbe	geshi	0	Developer
bencollins	libraw1394	1	No specific role
bender2005	jsepade	1	No specific role
benedikta	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
benedwards	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
benfry	processing	1	No specific role
benh57	gtk-osx	0	Developer
benh57	hexedit	0	Developer
benhogan	java-eek	1	No specific role
benjasik	sforce	1	Developer
benlogan	opencbp	0	No specific role
bennos	cplusplus	0	Developer
benny_h	cdjlib	0	Developer
benoitc	phppbx	1	No specific role
benoitx	jtreemap	1	Developer
benoram	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
benoram	tpapro	1	No specific role
benoram	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
benoram	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
benoram	tpessence	1	No specific role
benoram	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
benoram	tpipro	1	No specific role
benoram	tplockbox	1	No specific role
benoram	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
benoram	tponguard	1	No specific role
benoram	tpopro	1	No specific role
benoram	tporpheus	1	No specific role
benoram	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
benoram	tpsrmgr	1	Developer
benoram	tpsystools	1	No specific role
benoram	tpsystoolskylix	1	No specific role
benoram	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
benow	gstreamer	0	Developer
benrose111488	codev	0	Developer
bensch128	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
bensch128	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
benstein	multitreemap	0	Tester
bentcd	ijtree	1	Project Manager
benthurston	grasssmml	1	No specific role
bentins	starteclipse	1	No specific role
bentsch	ltilib	0	Developer
benwheatley	rb-string-ext	1	No specific role
benwimpory	jhotdraw	0	Developer
benzo	jeasy-do	1	Developer
ben_walding	dataforge	1	No specific role
ben_walding	jconsole	1	No specific role
beo	mammoothlibrary	1	Project Manager
beoch	openstore	1	No specific role
beosonline	beosdeved	1	No specific role
berenddeboer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
bereza	haste	1	No specific role
bergerhoff	quickrex	1	No specific role
bergla	pogled	1	No specific role
bergmann	php4ue	1	No specific role
berkenbosch	nproject	0	Developer
berlangero	tiny-workflow	1	No specific role
bernarde	ltp	0	Developer
bernardoh	idal	1	No specific role
berndl	cedet	0	Developer
berndl	ecb	1	Project Manager
berndspeiser	quantity	1	No specific role
bernfarr	jode	0	Developer
bernhardbrem	emonic	1	No specific role
bernhardtt	esper	1	No specific role
bernijantscher	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
bero	freefilm	1	No specific role
bero	pclasses	0	Developer
berobero	wxd	1	No specific role
beroset	thinking-forth	0	Developer
beroul	nbpp	1	All-Hands Person
berryware	cpo	1	Developer
berserk_stern	caboquinho	1	Project Manager
bertilsson	scdoc	1	No specific role
berzal	pattern	1	Project Manager
besan	drjava	0	Developer
bescoto	librsync	1	Developer
besfred	xaraya	1	Developer
bessyboo	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
bestcomy	nteam	0	Developer
bestfriendchris	panopticode	0	Developer
bestmazzo	snail	1	No specific role
bestracer	openvisa	0	No specific role
betajin	vea	1	No specific role
betanik	proxool	0	Developer
bethf	activegrid	0	Content Management
beto-bl	phpmedia	0	No specific role
bettina	funkwerk	1	No specific role
beyondnet	osts	1	Developer
beyond_wyc	codev	0	Developer
bfallenstein	lyterate	1	No specific role
bfallenstein	zaubertrank	1	No specific role
bfeely	mzx32	1	No specific role
bfomitch	stlport	1	Project Manager
bfulgham	openpoplog	0	Developer
bfulgham	schematics	1	No specific role
bfuller	xpweb	0	No specific role
bgao_7351	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bgarst	regex-demon	1	No specific role
bgbarcus	gcgreatcode	1	Project Manager
bgbarcus	vptk	0	No specific role
bge	voodoo	1	No specific role
bgeisler	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bggraves4000	vprog	1	No specific role
bghose	anjuta-extras	1	No specific role
bghose	moznews	0	Developer
bgkuhn	csvobjectloader	1	No specific role
bgoodin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bgpalmer	jxunit	0	Developer
bgr	mklientsdk	0	No specific role
bgr	pnotepad	0	Developer
bgruber	irrlicht	0	Developer
bgrundmann	fil	1	No specific role
bgsesr	dozer	1	Developer
bguedes	dozer	0	Developer
bgunusen	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
bhadreshp	cdk	0	Developer
bhafer	jargx	1	No specific role
bhanu	sveccha	1	Developer
bhartshorn	pyode	0	No specific role
bhasting	dets	1	Developer
bhawkins1	jedit	0	No specific role
bhedrick	quartz	0	No specific role
bheilbrun	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
bhimpfen	prograde	1	Project Manager
bhumphreys	subethaclipse	1	No specific role
bhun	salvation	1	No specific role
bhurt	ocaml-lib	0	No specific role
bhuvan_s_2000	e-helpdesk	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	grupohci	0	Developer
biadev	utplsql	0	Developer
bibao79	webumleditor	1	No specific role
bibok	jaccessmngr	1	No specific role
bic2k	libxmlconf	1	No specific role
biclinton	opentools	1	No specific role
biddappa270478	jsfukti	1	No specific role
bidu	saguim	1	Developer
bigbadcoder	lazybones	1	No specific role
bigbadger	xoops	0	Developer
bigdaz	jbenchmark	0	Developer
bigfleet	drjava	0	Developer
bigj_sal	devproject	1	No specific role
bigliard	jxquick	0	Developer
biglug	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
biglug	tasc	1	No specific role
bigmaliang	rur	1	No specific role
bignester	ccap	1	No specific role
bigwayne	sdlpl	1	No specific role
bihaiko	jbanana	1	Developer
bijugopinath	phpeclipse	0	Developer
bikerpete	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bilboq	smartbee	0	Developer
billen	wicket	0	Developer
billg	tourk	1	No specific role
billharrison	cme	0	Developer
billhawes	nhibernate	0	Developer
billhorsman	proxool	1	No specific role
billiamr	rulib	0	No specific role
billitch	patchwork13	1	Project Manager
billmair	jprogect	1	All-Hands Person
billme	floatingpoint	1	No specific role
billp	utplsql	0	No specific role
billward	number-format	1	No specific role
billyfish	cdk	0	Developer
billyoconnor	bakery	0	Developer
billysbar	filerename	1	No specific role
billysbar	filtersorttable	1	No specific role
bill_clementson	ilisp	0	Developer
bill_kempf	boost	0	Developer
bimblewooooo	ai-standards	0	Developer
bimcio	logui	0	Developer
bimminger	dbc-utilities	0	Developer
binan	microbrowser	1	Developer
binar10	php-clamavlib	1	No specific role
binarycode	xpweb	0	Developer
binaryman	fvs	1	Developer
binary_w0lf	cl-matrix	1	No specific role
binchen1007	bluewonder	0	Doc Writer
bingosnet	poe	0	Developer
binhanson	vietpali	1	Developer
binkley	jxul2	1	No specific role
binkley	smoothmetal	1	Developer
binkley	wisk	1	No specific role
binny	javasysinfo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
binoyed	sedochlp	1	No specific role
binumathew1974	side4u	1	Developer
bin_200	gbadev	1	No specific role
bio74	cxxbits	1	No specific role
biochimia	boost	0	Developer
biodigitzman_2	bioupdates	1	No specific role
biorn_steedom	foxtrot	0	Developer
biorn_steedom	mx4j	0	Developer
biorn_steedom	openjmx	1	Project Manager
biosdk	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
biovenger	valkyrias	1	No specific role
bir	xmlworks	1	No specific role
birdscurrybeer	jhotdraw	0	Developer
birdscurrybeer	xmen	0	Developer
birdseedmusic	xoops	0	Developer
birge	gnumex	1	Project Manager
birnfeld	theopenengine	1	No specific role
birosp	pixel-team	1	Developer
biserov	freereport	1	No specific role
bisguard	bisdk	1	No specific role
bissi	weta	0	Developer
biste	nullabletypes	0	Developer
biswapesh	anjuta	0	Project Manager
biswapesh	sourcebase	1	No specific role
biswapesh	tagmanager	1	No specific role
bitiboy	acai	1	No specific role
bitnbyte	shmap	1	Developer
bitplane	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
bitsmaker	win32gui	0	Developer
bitwalk	gnocl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
biwillia76	wxcode	0	Developer
bizb	poe	0	Developer
bjaspan	voicecode	0	Developer
bjhindman	onewirepd	1	Developer
bjj1478	visualogrecore	1	Developer
bjoern	opframeworks	1	No specific role
bjoernko	easytomcat	1	No specific role
bjoli141	infonode	1	Project Manager
bjorng	esdl	1	Developer
bjorn_karlsson	boost	0	Developer
bjwhitfield	drjava	0	Developer
bkafka	basicportal	0	No specific role
bkc	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
bkenwright	zorta	1	Developer
bkh	sshtools	0	Developer
bklawans	jasperreports	1	Project Manager
bkliewer	newfel	1	No specific role
bkliewer	newfieq	1	No specific role
bknafla	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bknights	mx4j	0	Developer
bknightsb	freespeech	0	Developer
bkraft	openwfe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blabos	wpgdb	1	No specific role
blabos	yatk	1	No specific role
black-hand	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
blackbird23	spyse	0	Developer
blackdeath_csmc	xoops	0	Developer
blackdestiny	jmp	1	No specific role
blackhorus	cleanhandler	1	No specific role
blackmilk	uuu	0	Developer
blacknash	gekkoware	1	Developer
blacknext	cayenne	0	Developer
blackp	ideas	1	No specific role
blackpaw	ccard	1	No specific role
blackpaw	wxsqlite	1	No specific role
blackrob	matrix-template	1	No specific role
blackwolf359	mac2pc	1	No specific role
black_adder	pwrgrid	1	No specific role
black_arrow	vxlib	1	No specific role
blader22	lib4j	0	Developer
blaforge	jxquick	1	No specific role
blaforge	jxunit	1	No specific role
blainekendall	webwalker	1	No specific role
blais	xxdiff	1	No specific role
blaisorblade	jext	1	Developer
blakewatters	phpeclipse	0	Developer
blakeyez	phpeclipse	0	Distributor/Promoter
blanchg	as4j	1	No specific role
blankman	wfaforars	0	Developer
blankz	rambutan	0	Content Management
blaster666	devbasic	0	Developer
blaszijk	jedimath	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
blendi	ooml	1	Developer
bleuler	myspms	1	Project Manager
bleything	harmonize	1	No specific role
bligneri	metamenu	0	Developer
bliu	posixtest	0	Developer
blixa	cassandra	0	Developer
blizzymadden	wxcode	0	Developer
blkonblk	tbroot	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blm	proton-ce	0	Developer
blmatthews	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
blofeld	menucracker	0	Developer
blogger	adodbapi	0	Developer
blomk	avango	0	Developer
blomma	phpmode	1	No specific role
bloodsh	dev-cpp	0	All-Hands Person
blprice	cpolib	1	Project Manager
blq	boost	0	Developer
bluecoat93	netdevicelib	1	No specific role
bluedavy	triones	1	Project Manager
bluedevil2k	swingplus	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	capsaicin	1	Web Designer
bluefoxicy	readahead-ng	1	No specific role
bluejohn	pmd	0	Developer
bluenova	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
blues-man	www-sms	0	Developer
bluestrm	obfuscatejs	1	No specific role
blueware	blueware	1	No specific role
blueyed	jedit	0	Developer
blue_star	openwinbot	0	Developer
bluffel	coengines	1	No specific role
blujus	joone	0	Developer
blunck2	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
blured	jsh	0	Developer
blusoft	blubos	1	No specific role
blytkerchan	p4w	0	No specific role
bmackiew	openmap	1	Project Manager
bmagerko	ai-standards	0	No specific role
bmarleyfr	irrklangwrapper	1	No specific role
bmarotta	bds2006config	1	No specific role
bmastenbrook	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
bmatzelle	nini	1	No specific role
bmax	ize	1	No specific role
bmcgilligan	xaraya	1	Developer
bmeurer	dbh	0	Developer
bmiller	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
bmk06	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
bmongar	swingml	0	Developer
bmuirhead	pwss	1	Developer
bnantz	logkit-net	1	No specific role
bnilsen	libqxt	0	Developer
boakley	tkdiff	1	No specific role
board707	www-sms	0	Developer
boardsonair	jgedcom	1	No specific role
boatzhou	esde	1	No specific role
bobafett	controlit	0	No specific role
bobbymcr	math-symbolic	0	Developer
bobbyone	toaster	0	No specific role
bobcousins	jdarth	0	No specific role
bobdayley	ivm	1	No specific role
bobfcsoft	simpl	1	Developer
bobintetley	sqlrecordset	1	No specific role
bobintetley	swingwt	1	Developer
bobintetley	swtswing	0	Developer
boblun	libaudioio	1	No specific role
bobmarcum	goanna	0	Developer
boboegr	aratora	1	No specific role
bobrkp	brownbag	0	Developer
bobsky	toaster	1	No specific role
bobsson	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
bobvodka	oglwfw	1	No specific role
bobvodka	tgtl	1	Developer
bob_marlin	epfe	1	No specific role
boca4711	anyedit	0	Developer
boelthorn	xchatlisp	1	No specific role
boercher	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
bog2731	trogh	1	No specific role
bogdanflorin	camellia	0	No specific role
bohemius	j2meunit	1	Developer
bohoran	ssh4j	0	Developer
boisgona	xmlcpg	0	Developer
boism	smerge	0	Developer
boism	yagdiff	1	No specific role
boisvert	cweb	0	Developer
bok	neptune	1	No specific role
bokel	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
bokic	picprog	1	No specific role
bokowski	tritos	1	No specific role
bollig	vlab	1	Developer
bom	dfront	1	No specific role
bomeyer	jprogect	0	Developer
bonatto	holo	1	Project Manager
bonder	nteam	0	No specific role
boneill42	lesa	1	No specific role
bonforum	bonforum	1	All-Hands Person
bonhamcm	quartz	0	Developer
bonk1138	unixnet	1	Project Manager
bonniot	packages	1	No specific role
bonsaikitten	gentoocygwin	1	Project Manager
bonzini	libsigsegv	1	Developer
boost_admin	boost	0	Developer
boo_boo	z80ex	1	No specific role
bopferma	ganymede	1	Developer
boraso	iscsitarget	0	Tester
borfast	cdx	0	Developer
borfaux	runesword	1	Developer
borgers	oopl	1	Project Manager
boriaw	cplab3	1	Project Manager
borisboesler	programanalysis	0	No specific role
boriskanazawa	joone	0	Developer
boriskhv	xmlapplication	0	Developer
boris_daich	rampart-toolkit	1	No specific role
bornik	tomcatide	1	No specific role
borrillis	monoxna	0	Tester
borup	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
boson	jpeg2swf	1	No specific role
boss1	meddac	1	Developer
bouf10	phpquebec	1	Developer
boulestreau	cvk	1	Developer
bouncyj	sync-j	1	Project Manager
bourbaki	monod	1	No specific role
bourdenas	vine-engine	1	No specific role
bourilkov	codesh	1	No specific role
bove027	estlogger	0	Developer
bove027	estsearchdlgs	0	Developer
boverhof	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
boytjie	wavelet	0	Developer
bozzio	fasttemplate	1	No specific role
bparsia	cweb	0	Developer
bpatters7	jgum	1	No specific role
bpdxstaff	txmlini	0	Developer
bpeng2000	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bpettichord	rvtest	0	No specific role
bphanikumar	timeclipse	1	Developer
bplasmeijer	umlsculptor	0	Developer
bpointer	dcl	0	Developer
bpoliako	utplsql	0	Developer
bpoussin	xmlgridlayout	0	Developer
bpruessmann	vajindent	1	Developer
br0wn	bxml	1	No specific role
brachiocephalic	reak-xml	1	No specific role
bradcc	j2me-game-lib	0	Developer
bradclow	hibernate	0	Developer
bradcupit	smart-pointers	1	Project Manager
bradd	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
braddabug	libgui	1	Project Manager
bradenloe	cwc32	1	No specific role
bradford	dbxml-core	1	Developer
bradford	juicplusplus	1	No specific role
bradh	libusb	0	Developer
bradleykuszmaul	cilk	1	No specific role
bradman	hexedit	0	Developer
bradneuberg	flashjava	1	No specific role
brad_beveridge	gtengine	1	Project Manager
brad_fears	phpcodecabinet	1	Project Manager
brahma	eng3dleveled	0	Graphic/Other Designer
braindigitalis	openwinbot	1	Developer
brainoffline	jspxtags	1	No specific role
bramadams	prologdoc	1	No specific role
bramonb	edm32	0	Doc Writer
bramsmeets	springframework	0	Developer
brandonh6k	crplugin	1	Project Manager
braneloc	elric	1	Developer
braneloc	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
brannigan	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
brano111	openwince	0	Developer
brassfire	questnuke	1	No specific role
bratfisch	zerberus	1	Developer
braunst	jconfig	0	Developer
bravo	jell	1	No specific role
brcummi	fulcrum	1	No specific role
breadcrust	adjustimg	1	No specific role
breadcrust	tclgbp	1	No specific role
breadcrust	xbashserv	1	Developer
breaman	ncfunit	1	No specific role
breaux	jedit	0	No specific role
breese	ctrio	1	Developer
breidecker	jtimepiece	1	No specific role
breidecker	pillow	1	No specific role
breivald	leech	0	Developer
brendenvickery	arbiter	0	Developer
brendenvickery	perdure	1	No specific role
brentoboy	ape-syntax	1	No specific role
brentoboy	winape-includes	1	No specific role
brentonhouse	lepus	0	Developer
brentonhouse	mutantcode	1	Project Manager
brentsimpson	pygecko	0	No specific role
brentworden	doodleproject	1	Project Manager
brentyoung	curl-widgets	1	No specific role
brenuart	proxool	0	Developer
bresson	bts-oops	1	No specific role
brettbc	moonix	0	No specific role
brettporter	quietcoffee	1	Project Manager
brettryan	objectgrid	1	All-Hands Person
brettryan	phersistence	1	No specific role
brett_calcott	boost	0	Developer
brian175	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
brianahr	hexane	1	No specific role
briangoetz	findbugs	0	Developer
brianhammond	goat	1	No specific role
brianhays	xhuggle	0	Developer
briankdlee	jakarta-k	0	Developer
brianlloyd	pythonnet	1	Project Manager
brianmaguire	basicportal	0	Project Manager
brianmalloy	g4re	0	No specific role
brianoneil	lepus	1	Developer
brianp	freeglut	0	Developer
brianp	mesa3d	1	Project Manager
brianstoler	drjava	1	Developer
brianvanderburg	expreval	1	No specific role
brian_chivers	imc	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
brian_duff	jdevelopervss	0	Developer
brian_schwab	ai-standards	0	Developer
brienze	jorm	1	Developer
brihall	viewklass	0	Developer
brik	jedit	0	No specific role
brik	nunitasp	0	Project Manager
brindy	jwf	1	No specific role
brindy	phpwage	1	No specific role
bring	haskell-libs	0	Developer
briodev	jice-net	1	No specific role
brisid	jdbv	1	Project Manager
brixen	ioke	1	No specific role
brixen	moonbeams	1	No specific role
brjmelo	refactory	0	No specific role
brlock	fault-injection	0	Developer
broceliande	mp-plugins	0	Developer
broecker	sourcemeter	1	No specific role
broehl	pyode	0	No specific role
broeker	cscope	1	Project Manager
broen	patchwork13	0	Developer
brogan5150	cadkit	0	Developer
brokenclock	errorsystem	1	Project Manager
brokendoor	triones	1	No specific role
brokendoor	webpm	1	Project Manager
bronc94583	plinko	1	No specific role
brondsem	gentoocygwin	0	Developer
brondsem	lxr	0	Developer
brondsem	qtwin	1	Project Manager
broneill	carbonado	1	Developer
broneill	joda	1	Developer
brong	xmlxslt	1	No specific role
brooke	functional-php	1	No specific role
broquaint	parseperl	0	Developer
broubach	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
brovienas	kylixlibs	1	No specific role
brovienas	okcomponents	1	No specific role
browner10	ailoom	1	Project Manager
browner10	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
brownr	arch4j	0	Developer
brown_j	jarspy	1	Developer
brozow	jrobin	1	Developer
brrobid	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
bruceba	schematics	1	Project Manager
brucem	beepcore-c	0	Developer
brucem	epydoc	0	Developer
bruceramsay	diffr	1	No specific role
bruce_armstrong	powerprinter	0	Developer
bruder	wildweb	1	Project Manager
brudner	gems4net	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	pythondbo	1	No specific role
brulow	cbits	1	All-Hands Person
brunes69	sharpquery	1	No specific role
brunnosilva	j2meunit	1	Developer
brunns	watsup	1	Developer
brunobls	xoops	0	Developer
brunoloff	ldt	1	No specific role
brunonicoletti	openfxshakehost	1	No specific role
brunorezende	uemr	1	Project Manager
brunostuder	openmdx	0	Tester
brutzman	npsnetv	0	Developer
bruyere	amigtk	1	No specific role
bryanche	loadunit	1	No specific role
bryanfe	struts	0	Developer
bryanlewis	mainejug	0	Developer
bryanth	orangestad	1	No specific role
bryan_se	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
bryan_w_taylor	jedit	0	Developer
bryce	stp	1	Developer
brycen	phpbt	0	No specific role
bryceschroeder	asm48	0	Developer
bs5	deimos	1	No specific role
bsalsa	embeddedwb	1	No specific role
bsander	eiffel	0	Developer
bsander	elj	0	Developer
bsander	elj-win32	0	No specific role
bsarsgard	jedit	0	No specific role
bschalck	profnote	1	No specific role
bschatz	ctypes	0	No specific role
bschatz	ctypes4j	1	No specific role
bschoudel	jdbv	1	Developer
bsdfan3	libcpu	1	No specific role
bsdz	niperl	1	No specific role
bserdar	nutf	1	No specific role
bshanks	cpw	1	Developer
bsiggelkow	jedit	0	No specific role
bsimser	cdx	1	Project Manager
bsimser	nteam	0	No specific role
bsimser	spswrappers	1	No specific role
bsinou	djanet	1	No specific role
bskaarup	microbrowser	1	Developer
bsl	openpoplog	0	Developer
bsmith	poe	0	Developer
bsod	neoengine	0	Developer
bsponline	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
bsponline	ppi	1	No specific role
bssahu	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
bsslab	vamnet	1	No specific role
bsstmiller	dbexpressplus	1	Project Manager
bsstmiller	uopl	1	Project Manager
bstobart	progect	0	Requirements Engineering
bstpierre	gscheduler	1	No specific role
bstpierre	psp-web	1	No specific role
bstrasser	goanna	0	No specific role
bsturgen	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
btateyama	jedit	0	Developer
btb	gtkextramm	0	Developer
btb	gtkmm	0	Developer
btbuxton	timeandmoney	1	Project Manager
bterbush	statj	1	No specific role
btihanyi	nloc	1	No specific role
btm	synedit	0	No specific role
btobin	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
btol45	cjan	1	Project Manager
btomasini	basicportal	0	Developer
btompkins	wsmq	1	No specific role
btscully	mx4j	0	Developer
bubbakko	bubbug	1	No specific role
bubble76	firebirdexpress	1	Developer
bubblenut	phpdance	1	No specific role
bubi	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
bublik	bugzilla-de	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
buchalka	jode	0	Developer
buddachile	xao	0	Analysis / Design
buddy1974	zclipse	0	No specific role
buennagel	formps	1	All-Hands Person
buennagel	phpduploc	1	No specific role
buennagel	xoops	0	Developer
buennagel	zang	1	All-Hands Person
buerkeva	xweaver	0	Developer
bufflig	esdl	1	Developer
buge	whitespaceide	1	No specific role
bugzill	jorm	1	Project Manager
buildere	wxdsgn	0	Developer
bujin	xoops	0	Tester
bukinm	alleg	0	Developer
bullmount	httpcomp-net	1	No specific role
bullpen	lbs	0	No specific role
bullpen	osdldbt	1	Developer
bullpen	stp	1	Project Manager
bultrowicz	resourcepocket	0	Developer
bumble	allocator	1	Project Manager
bumbler	php-fusebox	1	No specific role
bunninator	cloudquest	1	No specific role
bunnz	purple	1	All-Hands Person
burakcayir	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakcayir	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakg	apl	1	No specific role
burbelgruff	boost	0	Developer
burgbach	progect	1	Developer
burgbach	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
burkovsky	mytracker	1	Project Manager
burley0727	marblehorse	0	No specific role
burnin	gexperts	0	Developer
burning_hill	mcrypt	0	Developer
burnus	bugzilla-de	1	Project Manager
burtonator	cedet	0	Developer
burtonator	ecb	0	Developer
burzmali	carthag	1	No specific role
busfahrer	opencbp	0	Developer
bustamam	oo-l10n-my	1	Project Manager
buzzmaster	legnetrpc	1	No specific role
bu_jiva18	clawlib	1	Developer
bvdvecht	spyse	0	Developer
bvgastel	pitoolkit	1	No specific role
bviksoe	wtl	0	Developer
bwaechter	eaasyst	0	No specific role
bwarsaw	optik	0	Developer
bwarsaw	pybsddb	0	Developer
bwarsaw	python-mode	1	No specific role
bwaters	promanager	1	No specific role
bwbarrett	inilib	1	No specific role
bwchan	easyconf	0	Developer
bwcto	infodock	1	No specific role
bwcto	oo-browser	1	No specific role
bweirdan	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
bwesley	ofbiz	0	No specific role
bwinton	jext	1	Developer
bwinton	progect	0	Developer
bwinton	pythonpalmdb	1	No specific role
bxconrad	jfig	1	Project Manager
byan	elj	0	Developer
byan	rainbow-eiffel	1	Project Manager
byersa	ofbiz	0	Developer
bynari	parseperl	0	Developer
byrnereese	majordojo	1	No specific role
byrnereese	sforce	0	Developer
bytethunder	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
bzimmer	satine	0	No specific role
bzimmer	zxpy	1	Developer
bzinchenko	cellsheet	1	No specific role
b_adele	jesuislibre	1	Developer
b_a_stegmaier	flens	0	No specific role
b_brenna	dotnetscrutil	1	No specific role
c-avare	holongate	1	Project Manager
c0demangler	codon	1	No specific role
c0demangler	jumptousage	1	No specific role
c0diq	platinum	1	No specific role
c45207	drjava	0	Developer
c47457r0ph3	smoothiemods	0	Developer
cababunga	nmstl2	1	Developer
cabaj	congaconfig	1	Developer
cactus	gtkmm	0	No specific role
cadmaniac	kontrollerlab	1	No specific role
cadrian	smerge	1	All-Hands Person
cael	gstreamer	0	Developer
caelum	libwin32-exp	1	No specific role
cafxx	trng	1	No specific role
caique	uml4j	0	Requirements Engineering
caiyu	tinyprinter	1	No specific role
caj	clear-box	0	Editorial/Content Writer
caj	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
californiakidd	atomatrix	1	No specific role
callawey	xoops	0	Developer
callmeott	almsuite	1	Project Manager
callmeott	oggonachip	1	No specific role
calmosoft	calmosoft	1	No specific role
calpaugh	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
calroc99	python-xlib	1	No specific role
calumfodder	grinder	0	Developer
camarajm	pypi	0	Developer
camcorder	gnome-turk	1	All-Hands Person
cameronbraid	freemarker	0	Developer
cameronjr	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
camk	timetrack	0	Developer
campd	anjuta	0	Developer
camposj	objectbase	1	Project Manager
campus	controlit	1	No specific role
camus546	drjava	1	Developer
camusatan	netservos	1	Project Manager
cancered	centum	0	Web Designer
candb_dev_lead	ibug	1	Developer
candera	hex	1	All-Hands Person
candera	wangdera	1	All-Hands Person
candy91	myprograming	0	Web Designer
canislupus	libcctest	1	No specific role
cao-en	digest-it	1	No specific role
caoxg	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
capcaunul	ricas	1	No specific role
capeterson	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
capiman	lpc21isp	1	No specific role
captainjester	java-game-lib	0	Developer
captainpierce	javaxinput	1	No specific role
captain_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
caption	xdoclet-ui	0	No specific role
captoblivious	ga2	1	No specific role
captoblivious	galileo	1	No specific role
carcharius	openxdk	0	Developer
careystevens	cellml	1	Project Manager
cargula	datax	1	No specific role
carifio	mainejug	0	Developer
caristi	vaniglia	0	Developer
carla_cm	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
carlburch	jigsaw-ide	1	No specific role
carldmitch	tools4java	0	No specific role
carle	haste	1	Developer
carle_cote	freespeech	0	Developer
carle_cote	mockpp	0	Developer
carlgm	prado	0	Developer
carlito_au	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
carlo9890	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
carlokok	jedimath	0	Developer
carlos-mora	freewin	0	No specific role
carlosgomez722	sophy	1	Project Manager
carlosklapp	sqlclrlib	1	No specific role
carlossg	oness	1	No specific role
carlos_p_coelho	boost	0	Developer
carlos_rovira	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
carlwenrich	fasmstudio	0	Developer
carl_manaster	quantum	0	No specific role
carmello	genpluginengine	1	Developer
carmello	platonos	1	Project Manager
carmine	jedit	0	Developer
carnege	tce	0	No specific role
carnold	dom4j	0	Developer
carnold	xmlconf	1	No specific role
carnuke	xoops	0	No specific role
carola	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
carola	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
carola	jwamforms	0	Developer
carola	jwamutil	1	Developer
carolina	vrjtoolbox	0	Project Manager
carolina	vrjuggler	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carreracg	wxcode	0	Developer
carrier	dftt	1	No specific role
carrja99	arbiter	0	Developer
carrzkiss	cs-school	0	Developer
carstenbreuer	bec	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	cbccl	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	inifile	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	ofc	1	Project Manager
carsten_behring	jedit	0	No specific role
carterpage	hibernex	1	No specific role
cartman	webzap	1	No specific role
casanova	freeallegiance	1	Project Manager
caseyrad	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
cashmont	cbench	1	No specific role
casinotrader	fbcommunity	0	Developer
casper_biever	reflection	1	No specific role
cass	threads	0	Developer
castano	tu-testbed	0	Developer
castek	stlib	0	Developer
casterle	jvcl	0	Developer
castiglione	resknife	0	Developer
catamaran	vtags	1	No specific role
catfoodgood	sfgdcoll	1	No specific role
catlingm	bosc	1	No specific role
catoauestad	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
catoo	palmcppunit	1	Project Manager
catsick	pyhasp	1	No specific role
catzor	portitizer	1	No specific role
caunt	camelos	0	Developer
caustik	openxdk	1	Project Manager
cauth	arbiter	0	Developer
cavac	grumpfzotzlinux	1	No specific role
cavac	preselib	1	No specific role
cavada	moleskine	0	Developer
cavada	pygtkmvc	1	Project Manager
cavalier	unpaste	1	No specific role
cavis	mx4j	0	Developer
cawilliams	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
caye	pushex	1	Developer
cayel	hanoi	0	Developer
cayte	perlunit	1	No specific role
cbeaudet	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatisbreakdown	1	Project Manager
cbegin	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatisdb	1	Developer
cbegin	ibatisjpetstore	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cbiegay	fitnesse	0	Developer
cbiette	presto	0	Developer
cbiffle	ivm	0	Doc Writer
cbilson	crplugin	0	No specific role
cblin	svprog	1	No specific role
cbond	libctk	0	No specific role
cbouleau	jdynamite	1	No specific role
cbrinegar	hli	1	No specific role
cbrooks	http-recorder	1	No specific role
cbuguet	getthecolor	0	Developer
cbyrum	maverick	1	No specific role
ccallendar	tagsea	1	Developer
ccambien	chello	1	Project Manager
ccano	mx4j	0	Developer
ccdrbrg	appdc	1	No specific role
cce	xsltsl	0	Developer
cchampion	iloa	1	No specific role
cchris	esl	0	No specific role
cclay	codecommander	0	No specific role
ccleva	tlabs	1	Project Manager
ccleve	dieseltest	1	No specific role
ccnelson	ofbiz	0	No specific role
ccnetlive	netreflector	0	No specific role
ccnetlive	nfit	0	No specific role
ccoquand	agda	1	Developer
ccostelloe	internetdirect	0	Developer
ccoupal	xmlcfgdal	1	No specific role
ccpraude	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ccraig	pythonic	1	Developer
ccshan	kanren	0	Developer
ccuilla	jxbeans	1	No specific role
cculver	visualogrecore	1	Developer
cdaly	stef	1	No specific role
cdartnell	mic	0	Developer
cdegroot	sgmltools-lite	1	Project Manager
cdeng	mase	0	No specific role
cdent	arts	1	All-Hands Person
cdesmond	kprof	1	Project Manager
cdesmond	qtcsharp	0	Developer
cdfrey	libusb	0	Developer
cdhall	spacecraft	0	No specific role
cdiggins	heron	1	No specific role
cdiggins	yard-parser	1	No specific role
cdiv	cdiv	1	No specific role
cdlu	oftc	1	Project Manager
cdmojoli	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
cdodd	easylayouts	1	Developer
cdonat	jsquash	1	No specific role
cdoremus	mainejug	1	Project Manager
cdrnet	threadmsg	1	No specific role
cdsnyder	wgois	0	Developer
cducer	scim	0	Developer
cdx	beautifyphp	1	Developer
cebewee	xlife	0	No specific role
ceccato	jbpm	0	No specific role
ceciliacedres	sophy	1	Project Manager
ceciliamascolo	xmiddle	1	No specific role
cecilios	wxcode	0	Developer
cecil_stock	winguitest	0	Developer
cecil_stock	x11guitest	0	Developer
cederberg	freemarker	0	Developer
cedlebab	simulus-engine	0	Developer
cedricgirard	phpduploc	0	No specific role
cedrics	bearsui	1	No specific role
cedrik_lime	messadmin	1	No specific role
cedsoft	no-sod	0	Developer
ceeclipse	ptclanserver	0	Developer
ceedrick	codename-alex	0	Developer
ceeshek	number-format	0	Developer
cefn	diet-agents	1	Developer
cege7480	nspring	0	Developer
cegger	ggi	1	Developer
cehall	mkdoxy	0	Developer
cehardin	graphiteapi	1	No specific role
cehardin	simplygnustep	1	No specific role
ceharon	ibaccess	0	No specific role
cehbab	cehnet	1	No specific role
cehbab	ixml	1	No specific role
ceiled	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
celek	zclipse	0	Developer
celerybox	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
celestialryan	kamaelia	0	Developer
celgueta	humano2	0	Developer
celsogbj	pmtools	1	No specific role
cemason	libgba	1	No specific role
cen1	wsis	0	Developer
cenlee	parcels	1	Developer
cent022	csvobjectloader	1	Analysis / Design
centgraf	drjava	0	Developer
centrax	freescope	1	All-Hands Person
centrinia	centrinia	1	No specific role
cepstein	boost	0	Developer
cepstein	quickfix	0	Developer
cermakm1	stlib	1	No specific role
cesarmello	lightforms	1	No specific role
cesarmello	nativeswt	1	No specific role
cescobar	digi	0	Editorial/Content Writer
cesschneider	dotweb	1	No specific role
cesschneider	openworks	1	No specific role
cesschneider	webworks	1	No specific role
cessd	jdirdiff	1	Developer
cessenat	ftagshtml	1	Project Manager
cestradac	ptm	1	Project Manager
cezarica	scripting	0	Developer
cfaerber	color-calc	1	No specific role
cfaerber	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
cfelaco	cbrowser	1	No specific role
cfm1	jhotdraw	0	Developer
cforgeleader	cforge	1	Developer
cforler	libadacrypt-dev	1	No specific role
cfourier	clocc	0	No specific role
cfsnook	rodin-b-sharp	0	No specific role
cfuzes	formhammer	0	Developer
cfxmarvin	java-game-lib	0	No specific role
cgamsu	soapanywhere	0	Developer
cgc	boost	0	Developer
cgmathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
cgouiran	zfm	1	No specific role
cgp	pas2h	1	No specific role
cgprof	cgprof	1	No specific role
cgruber	wotonomy	1	Project Manager
cgu	log4j	1	No specific role
ch0ke	xoops	0	Developer
ch3oh	xmlworks	1	Developer
ch4chiperriman	gtksnippets	1	No specific role
chadnorvell	mosaicengine	1	No specific role
chafing	meta-jb	0	Developer
chambery	zclipse	1	Developer
chamibang	uddp	0	Developer
champion	graysky	1	Developer
champo	aquamacs	0	Developer
chandlerc	ideproject	1	Developer
chaneilfhios	htstring	1	Developer
changliu	xml-node	1	Project Manager
chanlo	phplib	0	Developer
chanshuikay	ataraxia	0	Developer
chaopsychochick	javasip	0	No specific role
chaos-dev	libvalkyrie	1	No specific role
chaosknight	kaoticworld	1	No specific role
chaoticpeace	nteam	0	Project Manager
chaoticpup	tpabbrevia	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpapro	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpessence	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpipro	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tplockbox	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tponguard	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tporpheus	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpsrmgr	0	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpsystools	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
chap	sxmmil	1	No specific role
chap	xres4j	1	No specific role
chapi-de	xoops	0	Developer
charamuga	xito	0	Developer
charisma	wisdom	1	No specific role
charlesrkingcs	demoguardfree	1	No specific role
charlie-pspde	pspde	1	Developer
charliepoole	nunit	1	Developer
charlie_	quip	1	Developer
charlysworld	vainstall	0	Developer
charruaware	dedito	0	Project Manager
chaska	phplib	1	Developer
chatterj	keel	1	Developer
chavetech	ideproject	0	Web Designer
chavvakula	borgworx	0	Developer
chch01ae	wsis	0	Developer
chcha	advpy	1	No specific role
chdh	servletviewer	1	No specific role
cheadquarter	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
chebmaster	chepersy	1	No specific role
cheetah100	idxml	1	Developer
chef_koch	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
chehrlic	qtwin	1	Developer
chema76	xlsheet	1	No specific role
chemeto	ixdp4xx	1	Developer
chenandr	jpreferences	1	No specific role
chengetai	errorsystem	0	Developer
chengweiwang	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
chennaganesh	emlvoting	1	Developer
chenno	mockservlet	1	No specific role
chenwang	m2b3	1	No specific role
chenxiaodong	kilter	0	No specific role
chenyj	tinyxml4j	1	Project Manager
chernyshevsky	wapache	1	No specific role
cherreman	as2lib	0	Developer
cherro	carbon	1	Project Manager
cherrymathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
chessh	tease	1	No specific role
chet99	rlib	1	Developer
cheungming	ior	0	Developer
cheungming	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
chewiebug	dca	1	No specific role
che_fox	cddb-py	1	No specific role
chfreund	istbad	1	Project Manager
chgerkens	tx4j	1	Project Manager
chgu	wii-linux	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chhoppe	cdk	0	Developer
chiabai	kgis	1	No specific role
chicagobob	log4cocoa	1	Developer
chicane	codecommander	1	No specific role
chicane	glimmer	1	No specific role
chicane	latte	1	No specific role
chickenmoo	chrono	1	Project Manager
chiefaua	pmking	1	No specific role
chiefmonkey	phpmxdb	0	Developer
chien-liang	lime2	1	Project Manager
chien_andalusia	agentfactory	0	Developer
child_god	xaraya	1	Developer
chimeric_spirit	x3p	1	No specific role
chipski	sforce	1	Developer
chipt	chip	1	No specific role
chitoiup	cppcommandline	1	No specific role
chobit	chobits	1	All-Hands Person
chochos	cemanahuatl	0	No specific role
chochos	ezcontent	1	No specific role
chochos	wotonomy	0	Developer
chockenberry	agkit	1	No specific role
chocmurderer	geshi	0	Developer
chodorowski	pyaros	1	Project Manager
chol	algosatfreenode	0	No specific role
chombium	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chomse	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
chomse	tpapro	0	No specific role
chomse	tpaproclx	0	Developer
chomse	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
chomse	tpipro	0	No specific role
chomse	tplockbox	0	No specific role
chomse	tpsystools	0	No specific role
chomse	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
choochter	phpeclipse	0	Developer
choppc	internetdirect	0	Developer
chose	teng	0	Web Designer
choube_mehul	mcrypt	0	Developer
choucrouteman	xpweb	1	Project Manager
chousz	javahtmlparser	1	No specific role
chousz	proxyj	1	No specific role
chousz	regexpplugin	1	No specific role
chousz	undigester	1	No specific role
chowda	mainejug	0	Developer
choyrim	springnet	0	No specific role
chpham	oma-scts	1	Developer
chr1s77	lime2	1	Developer
chr32	proxool	0	Developer
chr32	struts	0	Developer
chrimetayer	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
chris2fr	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
chris52389	ctenet0	1	Project Manager
chris74	gnuwinapp	1	No specific role
chrisalfonso	gwt-netbeans	1	No specific role
chrisbitmead	javatools	1	No specific role
chrisbkr	nteam	0	No specific role
chrisdavis3587	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
chrisdolan	parseperl	0	No specific role
chrisdrop	springnet	0	Developer
chriseyre2000	jedimath	1	Developer
chrishbarker	wxpystonesoup	0	Developer
chriskcat	alleg	0	Developer
chriskr	vcf	0	Developer
chrislambrou	collections15	1	No specific role
chrislorenz	javabluetooth	1	Project Manager
chrismasters	shrink	1	No specific role
chrismo	clxmlserial	1	Project Manager
chrismorgan	winrash	1	No specific role
chrisn55	dbom	1	No specific role
chrispage	nitric	0	No specific role
chrispage	whisper2	0	Developer
chrispels	mvp-xml	1	Developer
chrispix	strutstestcase	0	Developer
chrisranjana	simple-php-shop	1	No specific role
chrisreed	kuimlrenderer	0	No specific role
chrisridd	objcsax	1	No specific role
chrisrimmer	utplsql	0	Developer
chrisrindone	myphpnuke	0	Developer
christianbo	wsis	0	Developer
christianhjw	uci	1	Developer
christianhujer	gridarta	1	Project Manager
christianmc	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
christianmc	seif	1	No specific role
christiansen	lbs	0	Developer
christianweyer	mvp-xml	0	Developer
christie	elisa	1	Project Manager
christophdorn	pinf	1	Developer
christophdotnet	mvp-xml	0	Developer
christophercook	voji	0	Tester
chris_77	ocaml-benchmark	1	No specific role
chris_aitken	nxcontrols	1	No specific role
chris_a_thomas	portableprogram	1	No specific role
chris_fauerbach	openemcee	0	No specific role
chris_kohlhoff	asio	1	No specific role
chris_kohlhoff	boost	0	Developer
chris_samuels	jedit	0	Developer
chris_schneider	phpautodoc	1	Developer
chris_y	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
chrriis	swtswing	1	Project Manager
chrriis	uihierarchy	1	No specific role
chrwei	jabberlib	1	No specific role
chsn	ivyplugins	0	No specific role
chuck	libmcal	1	Project Manager
chudikm	wf-twister	0	Developer
chulbe2lsu	gnumex	0	Developer
chutiporn	xet	1	Developer
cibes	yawebftp	1	No specific role
ciboire	slate	1	No specific role
cic99	xmlio	0	Developer
ciceron	gel	1	Project Manager
cider101	esbrowsers	1	No specific role
cierniak	orp	1	Project Manager
cimatti	jbi4cics	1	No specific role
cimatti	jbi4corba	1	No specific role
cimmerian	nuweb	1	No specific role
cine	jmove	1	No specific role
cinemania	animsrenaming	0	Developer
cioannou	kodigo	1	Content Management
cioannou	pblib	1	No specific role
ciphersoftware	aeongdk	1	Developer
cironian	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
cirrusrex	owasp-input-api	0	No specific role
cirruz	atomicdate	1	No specific role
cirruz	hotstuff	1	No specific role
cirruz	jconstructs	1	No specific role
cismaru	hangman-ruby	1	No specific role
cissmjg	clipsinterface	1	No specific role
civphp	nemesisplus	1	Developer
cix_foo	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
cix_foo	spgl	1	No specific role
cjcole	swingwt	0	Developer
cjkent	jedit	0	No specific role
cjmcf529	phoenixz	0	Developer
cjne	ofbiz	0	Developer
cjp	freeglut	0	Developer
cjs	ruby-radclient	1	No specific role
cjs	servtest	1	No specific role
cjstehno	eplug	1	Developer
cjstehno	sjrf	1	No specific role
cjstehno	taggerplugin	1	No specific role
cjuergens	tpvplanit	0	Developer
cjuon	form4j	1	No specific role
cjy	delux	0	Developer
ckack	kea	1	No specific role
ckarakus	yazilimdesen	1	No specific role
ckirkendall	jhtml	0	Developer
ckirkendall	jmaths	0	Developer
cklim78	vobject	1	No specific role
ckodonnell	wxcurl	1	Project Manager
ckroom	sircl	1	No specific role
ckvsoft	phpmywebhosting	1	Project Manager
cl4ud10	pyagend	1	No specific role
claasthiele	patchwork	1	No specific role
claesjac	parseperl	0	Developer
clancymalcolm	logitest	0	Developer
clansfor	uacm	0	Developer
claplace	dev-cpp	1	All-Hands Person
claplace	synedit	0	No specific role
clarissa_gto	phoenixz	0	Developer
claritza-abreu	web-its	0	Developer
clarkware	junit	0	No specific role
classens	goanna	0	Developer
classic	eslib	1	No specific role
claudenw	imago	1	Project Manager
claudenw	xenei	1	Project Manager
claudia	xoops	0	Developer
clausej	insectj	1	Developer
clausvb	vlib	1	Developer
clawsss	t2web	1	Developer
clay_shooter	jacob-project	1	Project Manager
clebson	caboquinho	1	No specific role
cleghorn	jeenius	0	Developer
cleghorn	jporta	0	Developer
cleit	libxls	1	No specific role
cleiton_diniz	intellime	0	No specific role
clemburg	perlunit	1	Developer
clevans	jsppp	1	No specific role
cleveridea	plcodebrew	1	No specific role
cleveridea	utplsql	0	No specific role
cleverly	sewer	0	Developer
clheiny	javaelvis	1	No specific role
cliechti	pyserial	1	Developer
cliftonm	applautolayer	1	Project Manager
clim1219	jscmt	1	Project Manager
clinares	ai-standards	0	Developer
clinckarts	toolbox	1	No specific role
clinto	xqore	1	Project Manager
clintoca	packer	0	Developer
clintond	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
clip	ciaoprolog	1	Developer
clip	fltk	1	Developer
clneumann	t-gtk	0	No specific role
clockmaker_69	neonate	1	Developer
clombardi	objectbase	0	No specific role
cloveless	simpletest	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
clpoda	rubyboot	1	No specific role
clpoda	tktut	1	No specific role
clsdaniel	odkit	1	No specific role
clshrock	xaraya	0	No specific role
clsk	libcwd	0	Tester
clt-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
clubfan	anjuta	1	Developer
clwalk	tjdo	0	Developer
clwells	jci	1	No specific role
clyde	pokea	0	No specific role
cmang	chaosengine	0	All-Hands Person
cmarac	utplsql	0	Developer
cmarguel	dispatcher	0	Developer
cmb537	boost	0	Developer
cmcgraw	drjava	0	Developer
cmelendez	vhhd	1	No specific role
cmeredith	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
cmgross	snapdal	0	Developer
cmh	log4cocoa	1	Developer
cmicali	carbon	1	No specific role
cmilett	cgi-plus-plus	1	No specific role
cminyard	adasl	1	No specific role
cminyard	egc	1	No specific role
cminyard	ssthreads	1	Project Manager
cmiskell	cayenne	0	Developer
cmlasalle	mainejug	0	Developer
cmoad	matplotlib	1	Developer
cmoad	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
cmschmidt	junit	0	No specific role
cmtolleson	processdash	0	Developer
cmumford	id3lib	0	Developer
cmungall	dbix-graph	1	Developer
cmungall	prologdoc	0	No specific role
cmungall	stag	1	No specific role
cmurialdo	mysqldrivercs	0	Developer
cmv205	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
cmweat01	textconverter	1	No specific role
cmzach	glipkit	1	No specific role
cnagata	processdash	0	Developer
cnamoo	cnamoomodeler	1	No specific role
cnation	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
cnclark	zxpy	1	Developer
cneise	cmdl	1	No specific role
cnlohr	ccursor	1	No specific role
cnoviello	pycrash	1	No specific role
cnpack	cnwizards	1	No specific role
co-kane	cpanplus	1	Project Manager
coachvargo	cougar	0	Developer
coaddons	coaddons	1	No specific role
cobalt60	xmlapi	1	All-Hands Person
cobia	pfcpp	0	Developer
cobrajs	pbomb	1	No specific role
cobralord	jrobin	0	Developer
cocaman	escapenet	1	Project Manager
cocane	ppf	0	Developer
cocoy	qf-utils	0	Developer
codarin	jdbforms	0	Developer
codebert9	theide	1	No specific role
codecamel	openrj	0	All-Hands Person
codecamel	strsw	0	No specific role
codec_zer0	webde	1	No specific role
codedigestion	domprofiler	1	No specific role
codefox	signelf	1	No specific role
codefox	xmlnode	1	No specific role
codelair	csvbeans	0	Developer
codemangler	ospdflib	1	No specific role
codemonkey_uk	ai-standards	0	Developer
codename21	codename21	1	No specific role
codepoet80	remotecalendars	0	Developer
coder90210	cougar	1	All-Hands Person
coderdude	cdx	0	Developer
coderdude	mcdx	1	Project Manager
coderwriter99	tporpheus	0	Developer
coder_1024	opendds	1	No specific role
codeserf	libtui	1	Developer
code_gems	mpnt	1	Developer
codingbear	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
codingman	cdx	0	Developer
codingmaster	devpaks	0	No specific role
codon	pyaes	1	No specific role
coezbek	dpp	1	Project Manager
coffeesoft	jlist2d	1	No specific role
cogardig	cosf	1	Project Manager
cogent	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
cokane	sdlmm	1	No specific role
colas	koalagraphics	1	No specific role
colding	argopt	1	No specific role
coldstore	libtclpq	1	No specific role
colin-adams	eiffel-edom	1	No specific role
colin-adams	goanna	1	Project Manager
colin-adams	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
colinat	codeshine	1	No specific role
colinbb	mathlib3d	1	Project Manager
colinmacleod	roundtrip	1	No specific role
colino	alperl	1	No specific role
colins	springframework	1	Developer
colinwalters	gstreamer	0	No specific role
colin_anderson	sqlfpas	0	Developer
colin_tatham	jafer	1	Developer
collembola	cyberwebform	1	Developer
collin_g	jsh	1	Project Manager
colsystems	aeongdk	0	Developer
coltekin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
comdog	apache-htaccess	1	No specific role
comiac	ibaccess	0	No specific role
comick85	gnopaste	0	Developer
comikozie	jimbovector3d	1	All-Hands Person
company	gstreamer	0	Developer
complement	arabica	0	No specific role
complement	complement	1	All-Hands Person
complement	stlport	1	Project Manager
complexmath	shwild	1	Developer
compostella	pim4j	1	No specific role
compsi	jester	0	Developer
computer-grid	m2everyware	1	No specific role
computergeek693	open-release	0	Developer
comradehm	zztpp	0	Developer
comsoft1908	jaspercall	1	No specific role
conceptjunkie	ricklib	1	No specific role
condordes	plutils	1	No specific role
condordes	utk	1	No specific role
coneill	chiphpug	0	Developer
conjurer	uidk	1	No specific role
conjurerprime	codex-2001	1	No specific role
connect5d	connect5d	1	No specific role
conormuldoon	agentfactory	1	Developer
conrad	tdb	0	Developer
conradadam	jfig	0	Developer
conradpino	gnutelephony	0	Developer
conruyt	autorealm	1	Web Designer
contezero	rarm	1	Project Manager
controlaltsup	mide3de2	1	No specific role
cooked	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
cookieman_k	uci	1	Developer
cookieteam	palm-dos	1	Project Manager
cookspol	gotjava	0	Developer
cooldev	cooldev	1	No specific role
cooleyes_lf	scim	0	Developer
coolpipe	drjava	1	Developer
coolsummer	fare	1	Developer
copeepoc	ixlib	1	Developer
coppertronian	pword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
copypasters	yafumle	1	No specific role
copy_paste	jedit	0	No specific role
coral	parseperl	0	Developer
cordel2	xoops	0	Developer
coreyti	wuiv	1	No specific role
corieu	idal	1	Developer
corneliusd	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
corneliusd	tpessence	0	Developer
corneliusd	tplockbox	0	Developer
corneliusd	tponguard	0	Developer
corneliusd	tporpheus	0	No specific role
corneliusd	tpshellshock	0	Developer
corneliusd	tpsystools	0	Developer
cornware-cjp	ofc	0	Developer
cororok	servicemanager	1	No specific role
corporatedog	runesword	1	Project Manager
cortex	ede	1	All-Hands Person
cortex	fltk	0	Developer
corts	mavnet	1	Developer
corujo-h	mockservlet	0	Developer
corveau	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
corwinjoy	dtemplatelib	1	No specific role
coryfoy	nunit	0	Developer
corywilkerson	dets	1	All-Hands Person
cory_sf	minissd	0	Developer
cosmin	cexcept	1	No specific role
cosmo_k	gscheduler	0	No specific role
costap	stu	1	No specific role
costin_leau	springframework	0	Developer
costra	phlxr	0	Developer
cotp	poisonx	1	Developer
cottrela	searchmonkey	1	No specific role
countjoe	codeconnector	1	Project Manager
courageous	pythonic	1	No specific role
covibli	covibli	1	No specific role
cowand	bluejade	1	No specific role
cowand	jpalmdesktopfa	1	No specific role
cowboy_bob	mpsc-modules	1	No specific role
cowens	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
cowo	imdbpy	0	Developer
cowwoc	jace	1	Developer
coyner_b	log4fix	1	Developer
coyote65	tpapro	1	No specific role
coyote65	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
coyote65	tpsrmgr	1	No specific role
cozman	photon	1	No specific role
cozman	zengine	1	Project Manager
cpdaniel	boost	1	Developer
cperdue	wwwapp	1	No specific role
cperkonig	phpeclipse	0	Developer
cperthuis	dataexplorer	1	No specific role
cphmit	beepcore-c	0	Developer
cpickett	check	1	Developer
cpilsworth	jportaltemplate	1	No specific role
cpl	webpython	1	No specific role
cpousset	neorms	1	No specific role
cppguru777	dtemplatelib	1	Project Manager
cppljevans	boost	0	Developer
cpp_programmer	abxlib	0	Developer
cproch	pclasses	1	Project Manager
cptfuture	ugt	1	No specific role
cpuwhiz105	showmesh	0	Developer
cq2	blijf	1	Project Manager
cql	haskell-libs	0	Developer
cr0w	akarmi	0	Developer
craigb187	simplerss	0	Web Designer
craigly	ilisp	0	Developer
craigmackay	gwt-netbeans	1	Developer
craigmj	phpolait	1	No specific role
craigp98072	arabica	0	Developer
craig_comstock	palm-linux	1	No specific role
cramatte	concentre-xml	1	Project Manager
craneandcrow	publictest	0	Web Designer
cratermoon	fit	0	Developer
crazy4bass	pnencompass	0	No specific role
crazycomputers	jobyx	1	All-Hands Person
crazycomputers	vbperl	1	No specific role
crazyed57	gwenhywfar	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crazytmac	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
crazy_diamond	fastlib	1	Unix Admin
creator	cedet	0	Developer
creator	ecb	1	No specific role
creator	infonode	1	Developer
creek23	konsolscript	1	No specific role
creepy123	easytomcat	1	Developer
creinig	fcgp	1	Developer
creitzel	tidy	1	Developer
creitzel	tidywrap	1	No specific role
crej	wxcode	0	Developer
crelf	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
cresk	cool	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crhodes	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
cribeaud	joone	0	Developer
crichey	permissionsniff	1	No specific role
crimsen	jbeans	0	Web Designer
crincon	libuts	1	No specific role
cris	cayenne	0	Developer
cristianivilela	uml4j	0	Developer
critternyc	portablenvu	1	No specific role
crixpcmu	openmdx	1	Content Management
crni	extracta	1	No specific role
crocgod	dotlucene	0	Developer
crocifisso	simplemerge	1	Developer
crocodile2u	concentre-xml	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
croland	wabadatabase	1	No specific role
crommettc	esiobjects	0	Developer
crosscutgames	runesword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
croueche	epidoc	0	No specific role
crowelee	xmlization	0	Developer
crramirez	palmoscrlib	1	No specific role
crsadun	clopt	1	No specific role
crsadun	jffp	1	No specific role
crsadun	jpoller	1	No specific role
crsadun	processmonitor	1	No specific role
crsadun	sadun-util	1	No specific role
crsadun	yaxom	1	No specific role
crsource	crossrec	1	Developer
crstn_udrea	co2	0	No specific role
cruanyes	quesa	1	Developer
cruise8	waf	1	No specific role
cruise_wd	game-math3d	0	Developer
crun	pp06	1	Project Manager
crushdepth	xoops	0	Doc Writer
crusius	cwebtags	1	No specific role
crweb	neuros	0	Developer
cry0gen	oftc	1	Developer
crylex	euallegro	1	Developer
cryptoalex	informa	0	Developer
crystal_xiong	posixtest	0	Developer
crzyltlman	commons	1	Project Manager
cs343	javabdd	0	Developer
cs410	cono	1	No specific role
csa	xmlbench	1	No specific role
csakatoku	leuchtturm	1	No specific role
csandeep	emacszilla	1	No specific role
csaunders	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
cschlichtherle	truevfs	1	No specific role
cschlichtherle	truezip	1	No specific role
csedlaczek	borgworx	1	Project Manager
csejl	ltfx	0	Developer
csepulv	xteamworks	1	No specific role
cseres	ataraxia	0	Developer
csg7020	hotfusion	1	No specific role
csilvers	goog-gflags	1	No specific role
csimon	ebkd	1	Developer
csimon	ehos	1	Developer
csimon	epeios	1	Developer
csirac	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
cslittle	boost	0	Developer
csm-101	py-universe	0	Developer
csmith	gcsf	1	No specific role
csmithtx	internetdirect	0	Developer
csnell	ttftp	0	Developer
csprivate	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
csreis	drjava	1	Developer
csstolle	snapdal	0	No specific role
csterwa	xradar	0	Developer
cstim	gwenhywfar	0	Developer
cstreiff	form4j	0	No specific role
cstrep	number-format	0	Developer
cstup	midway	0	No specific role
csturm	hibernate	0	Developer
csvbeans	csvbeans	1	Developer
cswilly	jedit	0	No specific role
ctai010	cellml	1	Developer
ctavano	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cteplovs	zoolib	1	Developer
cthuang	cproto	1	No specific role
ctraber	sledit	0	Tester
ctrager	btnet	1	Project Manager
ctromble	jest	1	Developer
ctron	lcl	1	Project Manager
ctrondlp	winguitest	1	Developer
ctrondlp	x11guitest	1	No specific role
ctx2002	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
ctzurcanu	abstractdb-php	1	No specific role
cubber	zengine	1	Developer
cucumelo	gfclib	0	All-Hands Person
cudi	extensibleos	1	No specific role
cug	opframeworks	0	All-Hands Person
cullman	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
cumesoftware	lesser-libs	1	Project Manager
cumesoftware	lesser-libs2	1	Project Manager
cunkel	javabdd	0	Developer
curedone	dicom-sharp	1	No specific role
curlyx	webserviceedu	1	Tester
curne	beepcore-ruby	0	No specific role
curoles	jedit	0	Developer
curtcoder	magesrc	0	Developer
curtis8	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
curvepusher	kioskcontrol	1	Developer
cushard	modinfo	1	No specific role
cussuol	phpbbmantis	0	Developer
custommonkey	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
cutecoder	rambutan	1	No specific role
cuttersladetd	bluewar	1	Developer
cvawter	nteam	0	Developer
cvestol	webmacroeditor	1	No specific role
cvogler	lua-users	0	Developer
cvollrath	gvtags	1	No specific role
cvs_udayk	jdbv	0	No specific role
cwensel	jstress	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cwest	poe	0	Developer
cwhitmore	jedit	0	No specific role
cwienands	mysqldotnet	1	No specific role
cwreynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
cw_krebs	dom4jb	1	Project Manager
cxbest	uced	0	No specific role
cyan	tcl-tlc	1	No specific role
cyberbobb	allegrogl	0	Developer
cybercerberus	commons	1	Project Manager
cybercerberus	napkinlaf	0	Developer
cybercerberus	vectors	1	Project Manager
cybercerberus	xito	0	Developer
cybercying	cyberwebform	1	No specific role
cyberdex	hopper	0	Unix Admin
cyberelf	auit	1	No specific role
cyberelf	nanoxml	1	No specific role
cyberfreak	clawlib	0	Developer
cybergarp777	debraudit	0	No specific role
cyberkruz	regwizard	1	Project Manager
cyberloon	wgois	0	Developer
cyberlync	polar	1	No specific role
cyberlynx	petel	1	No specific role
cybermike	jsptags	1	No specific role
cybermike	petsoar	0	Developer
cyberpig	linguinewatch	1	No specific role
cybersongs	meddac	1	No specific role
cybersys	legacy2linux	1	No specific role
cyberwarriorx	lapetus	1	No specific role
cyborch	rsqlserial	1	No specific role
cybot_tm	phpdatetime	1	No specific role
cybot_tm	phptimesheet	1	Project Manager
cyclonurb	uceditor	1	No specific role
cycozen	storytime	1	No specific role
cydside	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cydust	lprs	1	No specific role
cyent	dependensaw	1	No specific role
cyeoh	tdb	1	No specific role
cyke64	pdis-miso	1	No specific role
cyke64	pyed	1	No specific role
cylentwolf	autorealm	0	Developer
cynicz	phlxr	1	No specific role
cyphactor	zsrep	1	Developer
cypher543	fasmstudio	1	No specific role
cypherx	yasper	1	No specific role
cyplm	jstm	1	No specific role
cyq	vcme	1	No specific role
cyrilgodart	ximol	0	Developer
cyrilm	jamlib	0	Developer
cysonic	jpolls	0	Developer
cyu	jedit	0	No specific role
czhower	freeclx	1	Project Manager
czhower	internetdirect	1	Project Manager
cziegeler	osoco	1	Developer
czonsius	zzoss	1	Project Manager
czubin	watchloader	1	Project Manager
czww	czww	1	No specific role
c_hannibal	windev-stock	1	Developer
c_j	realismx-engine	1	No specific role
c_olin3404	simulus-engine	0	Developer
c_schmitz	synedit	0	Developer
c_wraith	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
d00yt	reqsimile	0	Developer
d3x0r	sack	1	No specific role
d70rh1	sd-vsnetplugin	1	No specific role
d96knut	emfsearch	1	Project Manager
d98thand	janalyzer	0	Developer
da8	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
daboy	uuu	0	No specific role
dadaista	xp4ide	1	Developer
daddygravity	livingcode	1	No specific role
dade2004	jcl	0	Developer
dadrox	channelmanager	0	Developer
dadrox	javasip	1	Developer
dadrox	javatoolkit	1	No specific role
dadutchman	urisyntaxcheck	1	No specific role
daedius	metahack	1	No specific role
daemeh	masc	0	Developer
daf111	phpdocutron	0	Developer
dafemec	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dafmyns	csiniparser	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	innova	1	No specific role
dafyddjames	quartz	0	Developer
dagarwal	salmon	0	No specific role
dagger_ar	flexiblesql	1	No specific role
dagger_ar	wsaver	1	No specific role
dago	bayonne	0	No specific role
dago	ccaudio	0	No specific role
dago	cplusplus	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dago	sfsetup	0	Developer
dagolden	camelpack	0	Developer
dagvl	metrictime	1	Developer
daimon_hall	escot	1	Project Manager
daimon_hall	giotto	1	Project Manager
daimon_hall	triassic	1	Support Manager
daivanov	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
dajt	jedit	0	No specific role
daladala	mgdk	1	Developer
dalanorth	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dalat	glucene	1	No specific role
daleanson	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
daleanson	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
daleanson	kappalayout	1	No specific role
dalesbc	corelinux	0	Developer
dallaire	xmlcpg	0	Developer
dalloliol	xqore	1	Project Manager
damage-plan	nteam	0	Developer
damagedsoul	sourcemm	1	Developer
damato	adtools	1	Project Manager
damato	amigaide	1	Project Manager
damato	bstring-mcc	1	Project Manager
damato	clib2	0	No specific role
damato	identifylib	0	Project Manager
damato	nlist-classes	1	Project Manager
damelang	vxglib	1	Developer
damiancarrillo	baseconv	1	No specific role
damieng	jxquick	0	No specific role
damienguard	nullabletypes	0	No specific role
damien_evans	mx4j	0	Developer
damonc	installjammer	1	No specific role
damonc	tktable	0	Developer
damonkohler	phpfop	1	No specific role
damyot	ucmexporter	0	No specific role
danadler	jacob-project	1	No specific role
danathan	basebuilder	0	No specific role
dana_virtual	spyse	0	Developer
danbrown	titan	1	Project Manager
danbrown	virtualfile	1	No specific role
danbunea	dataglue	1	No specific role
danc2k2	tkdev	1	No specific role
dancoulter	release	1	No specific role
dancoulter	ubiquity	1	No specific role
dandman	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
dandra	dandra	1	Project Manager
dandubinsky	salmon	1	Project Manager
danesparza	comresolver	1	No specific role
danewsmith	os-promo-distro	1	No specific role
danfengr	oddas	0	No specific role
dani-m	openmdx	0	Developer
daniel	python-apt	1	No specific role
daniel-gouveia	txt2tags-editor	1	Unix Admin
daniel-kun	cppfunctor	1	No specific role
daniel-ocean	pixel-team	1	Developer
danielbakkelund	xradar	0	No specific role
danielbeier	ltilib	0	Developer
danielborges	free4project	0	Developer
danielcrawshay	cbusserver	1	No specific role
danielholmen	dta	1	Developer
danieljames	boost	0	Developer
danieljames	cxxgui	0	No specific role
danielleew	mcs-libre	1	No specific role
danielmazurek	holongate	0	No specific role
danielosmari	socklibpp	1	No specific role
danielpontello	protontoolkit	1	No specific role
danielweber	mockpp	0	Tester
daniel_bowen	wtl	1	Developer
daniel_braun	cmpbuilder	1	Developer
daniel_csoares	ga-lib	0	Developer
daniel_e	gtkmm	0	Developer
daniel_e	libsigc	0	Developer
daniel_e	regexxer	1	No specific role
daniel_egloff	boost	0	Developer
daniel_hozac	smoothiemods	0	Developer
daniel_wallin	boost	0	Developer
daniel_wallin	luabind	1	No specific role
daniel_yokomizo	clcl	1	Developer
daniil_guit	openbgi	1	No specific role
danikenan	classlocator	1	No specific role
danilogurovich	struts	0	Developer
danilopiazza	www-sms	0	Developer
danilo_lr	clx-report	0	Developer
daniminas	dedito	1	No specific role
danjrod	dsock	1	No specific role
dankib01	essentialdata	1	Developer
dankness	scarsrl	0	No specific role
danleo	forkpackages	1	No specific role
danmay	quickfix	0	Developer
dannaab	swingwt	0	Developer
dannerr	posit	1	Developer
dannomite	favalias	0	Developer
dannomite	realmforge	0	Developer
dannybackx	lesstif	1	No specific role
dannybackx	meditres	1	Project Manager
dannybackx	xlt	1	No specific role
dannydig	jedit	0	No specific role
dannyf	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
dannyholstein	sql-lv	1	No specific role
dannyor	jdigger	1	No specific role
dannyor	jremarks	1	No specific role
dannyxyz22	debiancell	1	Developer
dannyzeng	progect	0	Developer
danr6	fourtools	0	Developer
danshafer	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
danwinfield	ratestharness	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
danysz	synedit	0	Developer
dan_b	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
dan_marsden	boost	0	Developer
dan_morrow	hexedit	0	Developer
dan_m_smith	ltp	0	Developer
daoloth	syspect	0	Developer
dap24	pysc	1	No specific role
dap997	xoops	0	Developer
dapendragon	metrictime	1	No specific role
dapimp	nmock2	1	No specific role
dapissarenko	barchart4palm	1	No specific role
dapissarenko	swixml-viewer	1	No specific role
darach	javaspider	0	No specific role
darapov	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
darevay	soar	0	Developer
dareya	satellitewebapp	0	No specific role
dargra	axis4struts	0	Developer
darisala	vipsi	0	Developer
dark--angel	log4cpp	0	Developer
darkbyte	ptclanserver	0	Developer
darkchrono	slsoftware	1	No specific role
darkevil	tclfr	0	No specific role
darkeye	tacos	0	Developer
darkguy2008	gp3d	1	No specific role
darkking-	phpgroupworks	0	Developer
darkling	oscars	1	No specific role
darklite09	dta	1	Project Manager
darkmaterial	rtpdemo	0	Developer
darkmonk2000	commandlinenet	1	No specific role
darko1978	swflib	1	No specific role
darko78	swflib	1	No specific role
darkomarko	babylonlib	0	Developer
darkoquak	babylonlib	0	No specific role
darkphotn	ivm	1	Developer
darkriftx	jetpp	0	No specific role
darksecond	morrowindonline	1	No specific role
darksied9	amberarcher	1	Project Manager
darksied9	delphinet	1	No specific role
darksnow	projecteditor	1	No specific role
darkstream	wireframetool	0	Developer
darksun4	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
darkwarrior	log4cplus	0	Developer
darkwave	isoj2me	1	No specific role
dark_angel	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
dark_angel	xmen	1	No specific role
darmot	strg-c	1	Developer
daronin	ne7ssh	1	No specific role
darrellulm	zippar	1	Project Manager
darreng	n-able	1	No specific role
darrenls59	wxdsgn	0	Developer
darrint	lapidary	0	Developer
darronschall	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
darrylo	cscope	0	Developer
dart	dotnetpcf	1	No specific role
darth_gaius	vlab	1	Project Manager
darxkies	gd-sharp	1	No specific role
darxkies	nutexframework	1	No specific role
das	tclapplescript	1	Project Manager
dasaru	xmlpullparser	0	Developer
dasdan	xoops	0	Developer
dasdirk	torm	1	No specific role
daservis	osalp	1	Project Manager
dashohoxha	cppdom	1	No specific role
dashohoxha	phpwebapp	1	Developer
dashohoxha	smewebapp	1	Developer
dashorst	baritus	1	Developer
dashorst	wicket	1	Content Management
dasil014	vlab	0	Developer
dasilentstorm	nextvision	1	Developer
dasman	xsltsl	0	Developer
databyte	m-n-mumps	1	Project Manager
datatab1	wxcode	0	Developer
datatab1	wxdevide	1	No specific role
datatab1	wxdsgn	0	Developer
datique	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
dav10	cdk	0	Developer
davagin	bfl	1	No specific role
dave0	tdb	0	No specific role
daveb	dachshund	1	Project Manager
davebenson	gsk	1	No specific role
davecramer	drools	1	Developer
davecramer	osdldbt	0	Developer
daveewart	colordiff	1	No specific role
davefdavef	scbugdb	1	No specific role
daveho	asm48	1	No specific role
daveho	findbugs	1	No specific role
davejb	physicslib	1	No specific role
davekeller	jxunit	0	No specific role
davem69	mesa3d	0	Developer
davep	xbasemode	0	Developer
davepolaschek	whisper2	0	Developer
daverman	ntpath	1	No specific role
daveselinger	systray	1	Developer
davesheremata	meta-jb	0	Developer
davewoldrich	fit	0	No specific role
davewraight	uncleunc	0	Developer
dave_edwards	opag	1	Project Manager
dave_hoag	jgrinder	1	Project Manager
dave_l	xoops	0	Developer
davibu	jcgrid	1	No specific role
davibu	yajal	1	No specific role
davidahall	jga	1	No specific role
davidalves	robocode2	1	No specific role
davidaustin	ivm	1	No specific role
davidconnard	jmousewheel	1	Developer
davidconnell	psoweb	1	No specific role
davidcrosby	haste	1	Developer
daviddeharbe	agraphs	1	No specific role
davideicardi	dotnetinstaller	1	Project Manager
davidgeorge	xlink	1	No specific role
davidglasser	sforzando	1	Developer
davidhutton	clear-box	0	Tester
davidhutton	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
davidji0	schematics	1	Developer
davidkamphausen	luabind	0	No specific role
davidktw	ruv	1	No specific role
davidledbury2	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
davidli	xoops	0	Developer
davidlxm	myprofiler	1	No specific role
davidma	python-ldap	0	No specific role
davidmcnab	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
davidnewcomb	mantisbt	0	Developer
davidoo	ofbiz	0	No specific role
davidpallison	myion-osgi	0	No specific role
davidrutter	xmltestsuite	1	No specific role
davidsporn	sporniketcore	1	No specific role
davidswelt	aquamacs	1	No specific role
davidtaylor	jedimath	0	Developer
davidteran	multieof	0	No specific role
davidtsao	jlauncher	1	Project Manager
davidtsao	jrealms	1	Project Manager
davidturner	cserver	0	Developer
davidturner	cxxgui	1	No specific role
davidv	ttftp	0	All-Hands Person
davidweatherall	activelock	0	Developer
davidwilson	libopus	1	No specific role
david_abrahams	boost	1	No specific role
david_biesack	eclipseexeditor	1	No specific role
david_jeschke	voicecode	0	Developer
david_larson	gtkextramm	1	Developer
david_lovegrove	opendgui	1	No specific role
david_ps	extfilesearch	1	Developer
david_seidel	bluewonder	1	Project Manager
davinci27	xoops	0	Developer
davison	reattore	0	Developer
davison	springframework	0	Developer
davoli	eclpropfileedit	1	Project Manager
davtech	davtech-apps	1	No specific role
davyboy79	rconed	0	Developer
davydov	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davygrvy	expect	0	Developer
davygrvy	iocpsock	1	Project Manager
davygrvy	tktable	0	Developer
dawilby	xoops	0	Developer
dawoun	anyedit	0	Developer
dawus	thallo	1	No specific role
daxlec	oslc	1	No specific role
dayash	securityfilter	0	Developer
dayu	olims	0	No specific role
dazuma	glow	1	Project Manager
da_loki	svneditor	1	No specific role
dbaeli	disphorm	1	No specific role
dbai	tajaxable	1	Developer
dbarashev	xmlapplication	1	No specific role
dbarrera	ltp	0	Developer
dbarth	imc	1	No specific role
dbday	jerrorreporter	1	Project Manager
dbday	sqlprocessor	1	No specific role
dbeck	akarmi	1	All-Hands Person
dbergerson	c681xbots	0	Developer
dbiehl	smide	1	All-Hands Person
dbjh	ucon64	1	Developer
dblacka	beepcore-java	0	Developer
dborca	mesa3d	0	Developer
dbotton	gnavi	1	Project Manager
dbpad	amylase	1	Developer
dbpad	dbpad	1	No specific role
dbpad	servletstudio	1	Developer
dbpotgieter	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
dbpp	dbpp	1	No specific role
dbradby	hibernate	1	Developer
dbradby	hibernator	1	No specific role
dbregeon	creme	1	Project Manager
dbreiser	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
dbright	sharpedit	1	Project Manager
dbright	wixgui	1	No specific role
dbrobins	libssh2	0	Developer
dbrosius	beansource	1	Project Manager
dbrosius	fb-contrib	1	Project Manager
dbrosius	findbugs	0	Developer
dbrower	ceespot	1	No specific role
dbrownell	jphoto	1	No specific role
dbrownell	xmlconf	1	No specific role
dbrutus	realcalendar	1	No specific role
dbryson	wxia	1	No specific role
dbt	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
dbush01	uptimenotifier	1	Project Manager
dcandela	openfxshakehost	1	No specific role
dcardamo	opag	1	No specific role
dcarroll_sforce	sforce	1	Developer
dcazzulino	mvp-xml	1	Project Manager
dcazzulino	n-matrix	1	No specific role
dcazzulino	schematron-net	1	No specific role
dcbarrientos	secor	1	No specific role
dcbill	cppisf	0	Developer
dcech	phpgacl	0	Developer
dcfox	voicecode	1	Developer
dchannon	hibernate	0	Developer
dchapes	opencbp	1	All-Hands Person
dcharlton	brainstraindbg	1	No specific role
dchasman	sforce	1	Developer
dcheckoway	xorm	0	Developer
dchelimsky	fitnesse	0	Developer
dcherk	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
dchud	oss4lib	1	No specific role
dclark	pysdl	1	No specific role
dcline	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
dclinton	perlbeans	1	No specific role
dcogan	zang	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dcohen	pyagent	1	Project Manager
dcolwell	arch4j	1	Developer
dconlan	logview4j	0	Developer
dcook32p	unisef	1	No specific role
dcorbin	jspunit	1	No specific role
dcorbin	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
dcorbin	tde	1	No specific role
ddaniels	debraudit	1	No specific role
ddarius	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ddarko	babylonlib	1	No specific role
ddegroot	progress2xls	1	Project Manager
ddekany	freemarker	1	All-Hands Person
ddemarco	dwpl	0	Developer
ddennedy	libavc1394	1	Project Manager
ddennedy	libraw1394	0	No specific role
ddent	netxplode	1	All-Hands Person
ddiego	vcf	1	Project Manager
ddixson73	oma-scts	1	All-Hands Person
ddlucas	dom4j	0	Developer
ddoerr	eefes	1	Project Manager
ddomingos	worksco	0	Developer
ddossot	nxbre	1	Project Manager
ddribin	wx4j	1	No specific role
ddruff	genrd	1	No specific role
deaded	ppf	1	Project Manager
deaded	queried	1	No specific role
deaded	rconed	1	Project Manager
deadf00d	jadex	1	Developer
deadf00d	vesuf	1	Project Manager
deadserious	wxnet	0	Developer
deadwood_pl	ncommon	1	All-Hands Person
dead_projects	getit	1	Project Manager
deanhiller	channelmanager	0	No specific role
deanhiller	javasip	0	Developer
deboeck	nunitforms	0	Project Manager
debscribe	conlib	1	No specific role
decelerate	rhea	1	Project Manager
deckard_1100	snap	0	Developer
decko	camelos	1	Project Manager
decryption	probabilitygen	1	Developer
deejayodie	pword	0	Doc Writer
deep-trouble	nsis-scriptgen	1	No specific role
deepak_giri	python-ldap	0	Developer
deepmind	xgl	1	No specific role
deepone	alpp	1	Developer
deerwood	eclipse-tools	0	Developer
defiant_penguin	swrapper	1	No specific role
deflatus	s3fc	1	Project Manager
deflaux	carbonado	0	Developer
deflorio	raftnet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
deinomight	meta-jb	0	Developer
deivsonrayner	swingcontroller	1	No specific role
dejan	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
dek0000	technoforge	1	No specific role
deklund2	luau	1	Project Manager
deklund2	opencbp	0	Developer
dekosser	ai-standards	0	Developer
delano	jscmt	0	No specific role
delfare	pands	1	Developer
delight777	jakarta-k	0	Developer
delinchant	cobox	0	Developer
delkos	swl	1	Developer
dellui	dreamboxdev	1	Project Manager
delmyers	tagsea	1	Developer
delson	babel-lib	1	No specific role
delvinj	jedit	0	Developer
demanic	nhibernate	0	Developer
demetres	leonardolibrary	1	Project Manager
demian0311	javasandbox	1	No specific role
demian0311	javatoolkit	0	Developer
demianturner	simpletest	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
democritus	webunitproj	0	Developer
demoncrat	haskell-libs	0	Developer
demoss	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
den01wagner	data-aware-ctrl	1	No specific role
dengoy	lemonsms	0	No specific role
dengwu	obe	0	Developer
deniger	vainstall	1	Developer
deniscmc	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
denisling	denisling	1	No specific role
denisvitti	debiancell	0	Developer
denisvolkov	vic-eshop	1	Project Manager
deniz02	gnu-tr	1	Project Manager
dennerbb	notes2	0	Developer
dennieschang	internetdirect	0	Developer
dennis2	tcltextedit	1	Developer
dennisrosa	clx-report	0	Developer
dennys	dexcel	1	All-Hands Person
denote	dcas	1	No specific role
denys_p	ges	1	No specific role
denzo2	snoopy	0	Developer
den_jean	mseide-msegui	1	No specific role
den_st	jhotdraw	0	Developer
dep4b	dbunit	1	Developer
dep4b	jcrontab	0	Developer
dep4b	jdbforms	0	Developer
dep4b	xingu	0	Developer
derbas	tpapro	0	Developer
derbeyn	libtune	1	No specific role
derdanny	gridarta	1	Project Manager
derekberube	arsclientje	1	No specific role
derekberube	arsperfmgmt	1	No specific role
derekberube	wfaforars	1	Project Manager
dereki	logview4j	0	Developer
deribas	ilabs	1	Support Manager
derijkp	classytcl	1	No specific role
derjoni	proton-ce	0	Editorial/Content Writer
derkilian	remoteupdate	0	Developer
derkork	lcarsx	1	All-Hands Person
dermole	party	1	No specific role
derobert	freecard	0	No specific role
derobert	neuros	1	Developer
derrickoswald	htmlparser	1	Project Manager
deryl	strutstestcase	1	No specific role
desbrowne	fear	0	Developer
desmondc	kprof	1	Project Manager
desnoix	icon-collection	0	Developer
desnoix	vainstall	1	Project Manager
desolate19	dtemplate	1	No specific role
despil	processdash	0	Developer
dest123	developersclub	1	Project Manager
destini	plcodebrew	0	Developer
desunit	nmailunit	1	No specific role
determinator	zoolib	0	Developer
detlevo	eric-ide	1	No specific role
deus164	zxcorp	0	Tester
deusxl	irrlichtnetcp	1	Project Manager
dev	eternity-it	0	Developer
dev2null	tomcatide	1	No specific role
devcybiko	projectcybiko	1	No specific role
deve	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
devendra_l	kamaelia	0	Developer
devgirl	flyingcircus	1	Developer
devijvers	springframework	0	Developer
devilplus	libkosl	1	Project Manager
devil_moon	oslc	1	Project Manager
devl	pdclib	1	Project Manager
devmonkey	jpreference	0	Developer
devoh	joone	0	Developer
devoid1	cgl-class	1	No specific role
devosc	ctag	1	No specific role
devraj	blend	1	No specific role
devscott	bside	1	Developer
devsolar	pdclib	1	Project Manager
dev_nv	utplsql	0	Developer
dewanto	dtreeframework	1	No specific role
dewanto	ejosa	1	Project Manager
dexter-mh	marblehorse	0	No specific role
dextery	jagel	1	No specific role
dextery	sharport	1	No specific role
deyaeddin	yanax	1	No specific role
dezelin	liboptical	1	No specific role
dezipaitor	vtools	1	No specific role
dezzio	mainejug	1	Project Manager
dfayerma	web-its	1	Project Manager
dfdietrick	openmap	1	Developer
dfernandez	datasift	1	Project Manager
dfilip	axpcom	1	Developer
dfishburn	ctags	0	Developer
dflorey	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
dforger	medulla	1	No specific role
dfranz	holo	0	Tester
dfrey42	boost	0	Developer
dfrey42	textfilt	1	No specific role
dfried	kanren	0	Developer
dfugazza	xpanda	1	No specific role
dfurque	mobra	1	No specific role
dg22	gtk2hs	0	Developer
dgan	webunitproj	1	Project Manager
dgarvis	meta-jb	0	Developer
dgasaway	tlistviewq	1	No specific role
dgasaway	tregstore	1	No specific role
dgatwood	deck2omf	1	No specific role
dgc03052	oma-scts	0	No specific role
dgehriger	foxgui	0	No specific role
dghart	wxcode	0	Developer
dgil	okernel	1	Project Manager
dgil	xelements	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dgilliland62	jestr	1	Developer
dgirard_eu	edf	1	No specific role
dgmg	umlsculptor	0	Developer
dgoehrig	sdlpl	1	No specific role
dgp85	mxml	0	Developer
dgp85	wefts	0	Developer
dgreen99	swingwt	0	Developer
dgregor	boost	1	Developer
dgrov	xpweb	0	No specific role
dgud	esdl	1	No specific role
dg_ibrahim	digi	0	Developer
dhaake	eaasyst	0	Developer
dhakim	findbugs	0	Developer
dhalbrook	informa	0	Developer
dhalgren4lfc	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
dharampal	wslin	1	No specific role
dhaskew	jedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dhcavalcanti	wedding-planner	1	No specific role
dheltzel	xoops	0	Developer
dherington	hunit	1	No specific role
dherman	oje	0	No specific role
dhernandezb	files-opx	1	No specific role
dhervieux	sbtools	1	Project Manager
dhervieux	sdtools	1	No specific role
dheyse	freeglut	0	Developer
dhiebert	ctags	1	Project Manager
dhiebert	eiffelfox	1	Project Manager
dhiren	tktk	1	No specific role
dhm	synedit	0	No specific role
dhorkoff	jdbforms	0	Developer
dhouser	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
dhouy	moleskine	0	Developer
dhruvmatani	nstl	1	Developer
dhurley	utplsql	0	No specific role
dhwani	ndal	0	Developer
diabetestools	diabetestools	1	No specific role
dialmformonkey	teleport	0	Developer
diboschack	xrml	1	Developer
didosevilla	datastructlib	1	No specific role
didosevilla	expatobjc	1	No specific role
didosevilla	json	1	No specific role
diegoalvarez_08	debiancell	0	Developer
diegocr	daemons	1	No specific role
diego_zanga	ajaxrad	1	No specific role
diego_zanga	personalaccess	1	Project Manager
diehard	developersclub	1	Project Manager
diehard2	mp-plugins	0	Developer
diemesa	d2vreports	1	Developer
diemumiee	boost	0	No specific role
dieter_krachtus	cdk	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	swtswing	0	Developer
dietmars	projectbutler	1	No specific role
digiboy86	digiforce	1	Project Manager
digiboy86	qlibdos32	1	No specific role
digisnap	wonderlib	1	No specific role
digitalart	neurolib	1	No specific role
digitalart	udsl	1	No specific role
digx	lightsign	1	No specific role
diilbert	upxgui	0	Developer
dijitalmaniak	squeal	1	Developer
diken	xconsole	0	Developer
dikr	jdbforms	1	Developer
dilinger	gstreamer	0	Developer
dimi	winrash	0	Developer
dimitarg	mockejb	0	Developer
dimitri	doxbar	1	Developer
dimitri	doxygen	1	Developer
dimitrishortcut	wxart2d	0	Developer
dimitry	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
dimitry	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dimitry_dhondt	smile	1	Developer
dims	jmousewheel	1	No specific role
dineshkaushal	wtl	0	Developer
dinmadz	xpweb	0	Developer
dinu_gherman	pyobjc	0	Tester
diodesign	riscos-constant	0	Graphic/Other Designer
diogosaad	xingu	1	Project Manager
diok	agentacademy	1	Developer
dionalmaer	wafer	0	Developer
dionjp	elsa	1	Project Manager
dionjp	libtune	1	Project Manager
diphel	cs-school	0	Developer
dirk49	cdk	0	Developer
dirkbade	jadex	0	Developer
dirkhillbrecht	i18nedit	1	Project Manager
dirkhillbrecht	quaterback-jcc	1	No specific role
dirkj	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dirkpitt2050	autograf	1	No specific role
dirkpitt2050	docoabrowser	1	Developer
dirkschreckmann	junitfaces	1	No specific role
dirkx	rdfstore	1	Developer
dirk_louwers	xoops	0	No specific role
dirty-harry	openmdx	1	Developer
discosys	tiopf	1	Developer
disk91	ddcp	1	No specific role
disks86	webdevdotnet	1	No specific role
dispader	ospi	1	Developer
dissemination	rodin-b-sharp	1	Distributor/Promoter
dist0rted	dbnetwork	1	No specific role
ditling	sslext	1	No specific role
ditling	struts	0	Developer
ditrix	qt1l	0	Developer
divlib	divlib	1	No specific role
dizhigul	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
dizmo	phpeclipse	1	Developer
dizzy	dalt	1	No specific role
dj51d	libradio	1	No specific role
djaenichen	jedimath	0	Developer
djain	realmethods	0	No specific role
djander	mb9xisp	1	No specific role
djantzen	perlforjava	1	No specific role
djcordhose	xml-im-exporter	1	No specific role
djcordhose	xpa	1	No specific role
djd2tq	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
djeeg	aceginet	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
djemili	dpp	1	No specific role
djerome	hackerlabs	1	No specific role
djerome	libcfi	1	No specific role
djerome	libscl	1	No specific role
djgraham	nteam	0	No specific role
djgregor	jrobin	0	Developer
djkhan	jshare	1	No specific role
djm	ansi-st-tests	0	No specific role
djm6809	pygecko	0	No specific role
djolic	umlsculptor	0	Project Manager
djowel	boost	0	Developer
djslim	pypeline	1	No specific role
djvanmaren	e4graph	1	No specific role
djw	jstress	1	Developer
djw2	fsm	1	No specific role
djwade	jeenius	1	Project Manager
djwade	jporta	1	Project Manager
dj_butler	fundementals	1	No specific role
dj_jhor	esper	0	Developer
dj_segfault	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
dkabala	vrjtoolbox	1	Project Manager
dkabala	vrjuggler	0	Developer
dkaufman	clicksql	1	No specific role
dkburk	myforms	0	Developer
dkern	joone	0	Developer
dkfn	eclipsetidy	1	No specific role
dkfn	jdiagnose	1	No specific role
dkfn	wafer	0	Developer
dkhaywood	osgibundles	1	Developer
dkigelman	vlab	0	Developer
dkionka	gdbi	1	Project Manager
dkleehammer	pyodbc	1	Developer
dkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
dknuese	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
dkopylenko	springframework	0	Developer
dkoryavov	jedit	0	No specific role
dkosinski	internetdirect	0	Developer
dkr6	qt1l	1	Analysis / Design
dkrukovsky	dotuseful	1	No specific role
dl748	ubuilder	1	No specific role
dlacroix	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
dlandi	uopl	0	Developer
dlawton	lepus	0	Developer
dlboris	sim6502net	1	No specific role
dlc	number-format	0	Developer
dleary	pymetamod	1	No specific role
dlehn	gstreamer	0	Developer
dleidert	cdk	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dleijen	elj	0	Developer
dleijen	wxhaskell	1	Developer
dlemmermann	svgplugin	1	No specific role
dlewin	aiexp	1	No specific role
dlinsin	i-trax	1	No specific role
dllaurence	reflex	1	No specific role
dlockamy	bella	1	No specific role
dloof	pclasses	0	Developer
dlozanovic	rtk	0	Developer
dlsiders	internetdirect	0	Developer
dlsmith	drjava	1	Developer
dlutter	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
dlwalker	boost	0	Developer
dlwh	cxxgui	0	Developer
dm-p	qt1l	1	All-Hands Person
dm88	qt1l	0	Developer
dmacq	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
dmacvica	eocene-php	0	Developer
dmagrom	cdkpp	1	Developer
dmakalsky	etester	1	All-Hands Person
dmakalsky	xpa	1	Developer
dmakogon	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
dmanolescu	micro-workflow	1	No specific role
dmarcher	wabadma	1	No specific role
dmarell	cdjlib	1	Developer
dmarian	cppcback	1	No specific role
dmaster97	fxmlrpt	1	No specific role
dmaster97	sxrowset	1	No specific role
dmcabrera	jweaver	1	No specific role
dmcfeeters	myforms	1	No specific role
dmcnaught	armedbear-j	0	Developer
dmcnicol	codev	0	Developer
dmcqueen	bekaffe	0	No specific role
dmenges	dependometer	1	No specific role
dmental	zorta	0	No specific role
dmgass	cfgparse	1	No specific role
dmgass	config-py	1	No specific role
dmgass	testgen	1	No specific role
dmhubbar	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
dmiceman	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
dmilone	alifecontest	1	Developer
dmilstein	packer	1	No specific role
dmitry_kulik	i2cprog	1	No specific role
dmi_a	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
dmmorris	basicportal	0	No specific role
dmoebius	jedit	0	Developer
dmoniz	beepcore-ruby	1	No specific role
dmoniz	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
dmontgomery	xlibvcl	0	Developer
dmortizr	d2vreports	1	Developer
dmukhin	jeasy-do	1	Developer
dmusicant	jws-plugin-auth	1	No specific role
dmytro_bogovych	iocpclasses	1	No specific role
dnair	uced	0	Developer
dnarizhnyh	service11	1	Project Manager
dnedrow	glibc-darwin	1	No specific role
dnedrow	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
dneighbors	dcl	1	Project Manager
dneighbors	gnue	1	No specific role
dnew	beepcore-c	0	Developer
dnew	beepcore-tcl	1	No specific role
dnewhall	esl	1	No specific role
dney	ruby-xlib-wrap	1	No specific role
dnfeitosa	php-glade	1	No specific role
dnielben	jatisat	1	No specific role
dnote	xmlcomp	1	No specific role
dnoyeb	jhotdraw	0	Developer
dnp607	qat	0	Developer
dnpetrov	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
doballve	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
dobesv	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
dobey	gstreamer	0	Developer
dobidik	gnu-tr	0	Developer
dobrien75	jedit	0	Developer
dobrikov	pranka	1	Editorial/Content Writer
dockurt2k	gtlregex	1	Developer
docouto	wf-twister	0	Developer
doctorchd	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
doctorsnuggles	estlogger	0	Developer
documan	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
documentum	portlet-opensrc	1	Editorial/Content Writer
doc_linux	maxlinux	0	Doc Writer
dodsongr	beigetower	0	Developer
doerfler	ltilib	1	Developer
dogcane	sharppdf	1	No specific role
doi	qcijutils	0	Developer
dok666	mesa3d	0	Developer
dokterx	uceditor	0	No specific role
dollzerr	neuros	0	Developer
dolphy	gstreamer	0	Developer
domatlantida	libhandlers	1	No specific role
domenico_82	domenico	1	No specific role
domiclipse	domiclipse	1	No specific role
dominik74	neuronalnet	1	No specific role
dominiknew	white-cliffs	1	No specific role
dominikr	extracta	1	No specific role
domivogt	gateguardian	1	No specific role
domq	config-inifiles	0	Developer
donalokane	agentfactory	0	Developer
donatas	jedit	0	No specific role
donatmueller	openmdx	0	Developer
donc	clocc	0	No specific role
dondo_seattle	carbonado	1	Developer
doneske	drjava	0	Developer
dongzhiwang	wotonomy	0	Developer
donhill	tpapro	0	Developer
donhill	tpaproclx	0	Developer
donhill	tpessence	1	No specific role
donhill	tpipro	0	No specific role
donho	notepad-plus	1	Project Manager
donm	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
donnie_darko	uml	1	Developer
donv70	metrics	0	Developer
don_paul	scintilla	0	Developer
don_raka	jbpm	0	Developer
don_xml	mvp-xml	1	Developer
don_xml	n-matrix	1	Project Manager
doobaq	graphil	1	Developer
doobie_do	uuu	0	Developer
doofus1201	freeallegiance	1	Developer
doogan551	axualize	0	No specific role
doogan551	swang	0	Developer
dooglio2	boost-extras	1	Developer
dooglio2	unigw	1	Developer
dorgon	phpdavinci	1	Project Manager
dorivalac	xdebug	1	No specific role
dorkiaa	ircontrol	0	Developer
dormento	holo	0	Developer
dorothyr	tkdiff	0	Developer
dosbert	aeongdk	1	Developer
doshhar	chiphpug	0	Developer
dosnlinux	batchide	0	No specific role
doss	xsltsl	0	Developer
dossy	fxbook	1	Project Manager
dot	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
dot79	rsyncplugin	1	No specific role
dotan_adler	xjmx	1	No specific role
dotnetrulez	crplugin	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dotomega	dotomega	1	No specific role
dottzero	fccl	1	No specific role
doublec	dylanlibs	1	No specific role
doug75006	microjavadallas	0	Developer
dougcurrie	hibernate	0	Developer
dougedmunds	brownbuffalo	1	Developer
dougfort	addanc	1	All-Hands Person
dougfort	fixedpoint	1	No specific role
dougfort	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
doughellmann	happydoc	1	No specific role
doughellmann	pmwcontribd	1	No specific role
dougkeith	xmlnode	1	Developer
dougneal	baj	1	Developer
dougorleans	socrates-lang	1	No specific role
dougsatch	x-assist	1	No specific role
dougschaefer	cdt-contrib	1	No specific role
dougwa	openroad-plus	1	No specific role
dov-g	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
dov-g	gtkextra	0	Developer
dov-g	libplis	1	No specific role
dov-g	xnm	1	No specific role
doviende	libctk	1	No specific role
doxychecker	doxychecker	0	No specific role
doychin	internetdirect	0	Developer
doylemikej	coldunit	0	Developer
doyley	myphpnuke	0	Developer
dozz	prass	1	All-Hands Person
dp79	exmld	1	Developer
dpaehl	gnsis	1	No specific role
dparnell	synedit	0	No specific role
dpeters	minpo	1	No specific role
dpeugh	pmd	1	Developer
dpfeifle	bgclass	1	No specific role
dpfeifle	opendte	1	Project Manager
dpfresh	xoops	0	Developer
dpgigorro	cdkpp	1	Developer
dphaedo	cweb	0	Analysis / Design
dpharris	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dpick	gaul	0	Tester
dpitt	swingml	1	Project Manager
dposada	drjava	0	Developer
dposton	ai-standards	0	Developer
dprotti	libcmt	1	No specific role
dptool	dptool	1	No specific role
dpupkov	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dpurgin	qaide	1	No specific role
dpwhite	dwjbuilderaddin	1	No specific role
dr1982	ndeploy	1	No specific role
draculak	jhc	1	No specific role
draggett	tidy	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
draghetto	ht-commons	0	Developer
dragon-fang	openzelda	0	No specific role
dragonfly	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
dragontunguk	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
dragoshbalan	reportengine	1	No specific role
drainboy	ai-standards	0	Developer
drajovic	emos-framework	1	All-Hands Person
drake42	chlorine	1	No specific role
drake42	recurrance	1	No specific role
drake42	schemamap	1	Developer
drakmar	csharp-logger	1	No specific role
dramatec	boost	0	Developer
dramaticdigital	cgmuscle	0	No specific role
dranatunga	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
drapmeyer	spyse	1	Project Manager
drarem	smart-library	0	Developer
draven_0	xoops	0	Developer
drblast	kidbasic	1	Project Manager
drbrno	synedit	0	Developer
drclaus	aopython	1	No specific role
drclaus	party	0	No specific role
drcottee	mockobjects	0	Developer
drcweidauer	wfmopen	0	Support Technician
drdivano	pytvision	1	No specific role
dreadnoughtgav	trilldev	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dreamcatcher	flyingcircus	0	Developer
dreamingbear	p5re	1	No specific role
dredd	hammerhead	1	No specific role
dremon	win32gui	0	Developer
drepasky	vainstall	0	Developer
dresnick	log4cpp	0	Developer
drewpc	gstring	1	No specific role
drforrester	parseperl	0	Developer
drgnslyr	glappgrapher	1	No specific role
drgoldie	freeglut	0	Developer
drgrinch	surviving-bots	0	Developer
drichan	xito	1	No specific role
drichardson	sem	1	No specific role
driehle	jvalue	1	No specific role
drieseng	log4net	0	Developer
driger1592	scarsrl	0	No specific role
drink151	pyssh	1	No specific role
drizzt	gvrflash	1	No specific role
drkorg	roundup	0	Developer
drluz	satine	1	No specific role
drmacro	grove4j	0	Developer
drmalte	party	0	No specific role
drmlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
drnoop	perl-es	1	No specific role
drobert	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
droguski	javaacl	0	Developer
drolem	datajuncture	1	No specific role
droopy-seb	bdayscalendar	1	No specific role
dropfred	om2t	1	No specific role
droren	ivm	0	Developer
drosihn	bpe	0	No specific role
drpython	drpython	1	No specific role
drrwebber	camprocessor	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drrwebber	emlvoting	1	No specific role
drrwebber	freeb-ubl	0	No specific role
drschemer	schematics	0	No specific role
drseb	executor	1	No specific role
drtimguru	watsup	1	No specific role
drtimw	xoops	0	Developer
druid-	glgui	1	Project Manager
drwayne	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
drwhite	dom4j	0	Developer
drwye	randservice	1	All-Hands Person
dryxel	codename-alex	0	Tester
dr_ivel	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dr_maux	cfml	1	Project Manager
dr_maux	crosswater	0	No specific role
dr_maux	mindx	1	Project Manager
dr_of_chaos	phpgtkbuilder	1	No specific role
dr_tux	xalgo	1	No specific role
dsafari2000	rubynet	1	Developer
dsaff	junit	1	Developer
dsaint31	jakarta-k	0	Developer
dsamersoff	libdms	1	No specific role
dsamsonoff	mx4j	0	Developer
dsavazzi	lugman	1	No specific role
dschleef	gstreamer	0	Developer
dschlyder	alleg	0	Developer
dscottwheeler	osdk-tools	1	No specific role
dsdale	matplotlib	1	Developer
dsecrieru	lfc	1	Project Manager
dsharp	mysql--	1	Project Manager
dshejko	await	1	Project Manager
dshipton	ggt	0	Developer
dshipton	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
dshipton	vrjuggler	1	Developer
dshipton	xml-cppdom	0	Developer
dsjanzen	jquery	1	Project Manager
dslewis	logthis	1	No specific role
dsmith	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
dsomar	rbopensource	0	Developer
dsposx	pyobjc	0	No specific role
dstanek	kid-template	1	Developer
dsteeber	jacol	0	Developer
dstergiopoulos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
dstevens	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
dstolerman	jedit	0	No specific role
dsuarezv	defectcontrol	1	No specific role
dsuch	wmunit	1	Developer
dsundstrom	junitejb	1	No specific role
dsundstrom	service-cache	0	Developer
dsuttles	ai-standards	0	Developer
dsyer	springframework	0	Developer
dtamborelli	dsql	1	No specific role
dtauzel	jxquick	1	No specific role
dtecta	freesolid	1	Developer
dtektonidis	agentacademy	0	Tester
dthoma	prngcollection	1	No specific role
dtiburcio	fortesreport	0	Tester
dtidrow	meta-jb	0	Developer
dtint87	jaccessmngr	0	Developer
dtranche	turbopad	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dtroller	pul	1	Developer
dturi	dig	1	No specific role
duality72	winguitest	0	Developer
duanem	extendamac	0	Developer
dubois	cxx	1	No specific role
duboisvi	ojef	1	No specific role
ducope	vess	0	Developer
duddy_j	fastlib	0	Project Manager
dudeofx	escot	1	Developer
dudeofx	giotto	1	Developer
dudeofx	triassic	1	Developer
dudeofx	vtoswaba	1	Developer
dudleyc	xaraya	1	Developer
duenker	oraload	1	Project Manager
duff2	bstring-mcc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duggaraju	jedit	0	No specific role
dugues	paiol	1	No specific role
dujavi	ftdsuite	1	All-Hands Person
duke4ever79	oma-scts	0	No specific role
dukus	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dulcetguy	lesser-libs	0	Developer
dumbthingy	dumb-html	1	No specific role
dumky	typekeydotnet	1	No specific role
dumptruck52	osdldbt	0	Developer
dums	stlport	1	Project Manager
dunai2004	hammurapi	0	No specific role
dunblane74	npsnetv	0	Developer
duncan	jester	1	All-Hands Person
duncan	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
duncanb	sarissa	0	Developer
duncandickinson	jext	1	Developer
duncan_coutts	gtk2hs	1	Developer
duncan_coutts	haide	1	Developer
dunng808	openslate	1	No specific role
duponchel	vcard4j	1	Project Manager
dupuisc	springide-eclip	0	Developer
duracell80	ecvxml	1	No specific role
durdanovic	a-s-m	0	Developer
durel_b	phpeclipse	0	Developer
durrada	enyware	0	Developer
dusanjovanovic	wtl	0	Developer
dussere	colcows	1	Developer
dustinsc	ofbiz	0	No specific role
dustintrammell	libfindrtp	1	No specific role
dustin_little	javahr	1	Developer
dustsettles	ai-standards	0	No specific role
dutoitc	pyut	1	Project Manager
dutoitc	shimeric	1	No specific role
dutone	codev	0	Developer
dv13090	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
dv13090	quickfix	0	Developer
dvarrazzo	epydoc	0	Developer
dvdw	widgetserver	1	No specific role
dverrett	utplsql	0	Developer
dvg60	sldragonproject	0	Developer
dvicente72	loganlzr	1	Developer
dviner	phpxindice	1	Developer
dvoet	carbon	1	Developer
dvogel0	libpg	1	No specific role
dvorme	prevayler	0	Developer
dvorme	sweet-swt	1	No specific role
dvorme	xswt	1	No specific role
dvoytenko	pldoc	0	No specific role
dvt_java	egovtyrol	1	No specific role
dv_	notepad-plus	0	Developer
dwains102	activelock	0	Developer
dwalend	jdigraph	1	All-Hands Person
dwalters	c681xbots	1	Developer
dwalters	jbarcodebean	1	No specific role
dwalters128	htmlparser	0	Developer
dwaninger	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
dwarnock	melati	0	Developer
dwayneb	my-lib	1	No specific role
dwclarke	serprot	1	No specific role
dwcorwin	mainejug	0	No specific role
dweimer	monkeywrench	0	No specific role
dwhall	jedit	0	Developer
dwhall	thmonkeeproject	1	No specific role
dwhite	bugin	0	Developer
dwichman	tghcache	1	Developer
dwightwilson	pounder	0	Developer
dwineman	herecast	0	Developer
dwkang001	xpdl2owl	1	No specific role
dwmack	kanren	0	Developer
dwwaddell	jfreereport	0	Developer
dyatel	pli	0	Developer
dybdahl	dxgettext	1	Project Manager
dyfet	bayonne	1	No specific role
dyfet	ccaudio	1	No specific role
dyfet	cplusplus	1	Project Manager
dyfet	gnutelephony	1	No specific role
dykstrom	jtags	1	Developer
dykstrom	log4j-mode	1	No specific role
dylancm	hedgehog	1	Developer
dyland	omniproject	1	Developer
dynamike2000	phpeclipse	0	Developer
dynamite	libbinio	1	Developer
dyoo78	xoops	0	Developer
dyrby76	drjava	1	Developer
dzenand	flashpm	1	No specific role
dzenav	dizzypages	1	No specific role
dzha027	cellml	0	Developer
dzop	xwidget	1	Project Manager
d_benson	jgpd	1	Project Manager
d_beu	php4win32	1	Developer
d_starke	pxelasticlayout	1	No specific role
e-poison	trotter-cvt	1	No specific role
e-poison	trotter-dom	1	No specific role
e-vikram	freescope	0	Developer
e-vikram	quicksql	1	Web Designer
e075xk	xap2	1	No specific role
e078120	pyawk	1	No specific role
e2morgan	rakurai	1	No specific role
e4c5	pattern	0	No specific role
e4c5	xao-php	0	Developer
e7andy	janalyzer	1	No specific role
e7jojje	janalyzer	0	Developer
e9925248	bcusdk	1	No specific role
eadiaz	tplockbox	0	Developer
eae	etp	1	No specific role
eagleas	wmsigner	1	No specific role
eagleeis	yasa	1	No specific role
eagleg	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
ealden	dispatcher	0	Tester
eallen	drjava	1	Developer
eamelink	eambbparser	1	No specific role
eanders	fourtools	0	Developer
ear1grey	rdfx	1	No specific role
earnie	p4w	1	Project Manager
earthur	edanator	1	No specific role
easychan	easypersistence	0	Developer
easysw	fltk	1	Project Manager
easytiger	jsystemtest	0	Developer
easywin32	easywin32	1	No specific role
eaudet	pattern	0	No specific role
eaugsten	uemr	1	Project Manager
ebacker	dynxform	1	No specific role
ebakkest	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
ebakkest	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
ebariaux	mapperframework	1	No specific role
ebassi	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
ebcdic	libusb	0	Developer
ebcdic	xmlconf	0	No specific role
ebeeker	ai-standards	0	Developer
ebekker	chai	1	No specific role
eberry	gexperts	1	Project Manager
ebf	acid	1	Project Manager
ebf	boost	0	Developer
ebizvietnam	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
ebiz_portal	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
ebolwidt	jaxen	0	Developer
ebolwidt	saxpath	0	No specific role
ebotcazou	alleg	0	Developer
eboudrant	ajprofiler	1	Project Manager
ebuchner	jpivot	0	No specific role
ebuchner	xoplon	1	No specific role
eburnette	eclipsepowered	1	No specific role
eburuschkin	rlib	0	All-Hands Person
ecc2	qtjava	1	Developer
ecerami	csbi	0	No specific role
echo	bayonne	0	No specific role
echoprog	protonium	1	No specific role
eckardjf	ofbiz	0	No specific role
eclipse_elf	xmen	0	No specific role
ecocode	tbt	1	No specific role
ecoffey	loreandlutes	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ecosta76	cpptools	0	Developer
ecostanza	libdtouch	1	No specific role
ecounce	drawtiming	1	No specific role
ecrahen	diagram	1	No specific role
ecrahen	zthread	1	Unix Admin
ecuellar	swingml	0	Project Manager
edafnai	geckoplugin	1	Developer
edankert	conduitmanager	1	No specific role
edankert	xmlhammer	1	No specific role
edankert	xngr	1	No specific role
edbong	humano2	1	No specific role
edbort	clx-report	0	Developer
edchapel	nteam	0	Developer
eddelbuettel	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
eddieajau	dothelp	1	No specific role
eddieajau	xarcims	1	No specific role
edexx	simpleras	1	Developer
edgarl	cdk	0	Developer
edgarzpp	libsx	1	Developer
edgar_grimberg	cdt-contrib	0	No specific role
edgar_ocampo1	phpgroupworks	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
edgingtonj	osdldbt	0	Developer
edin1	matplotlib	0	Developer
edink	libssh2	0	Developer
edirman	ltfx	0	Developer
edivargas	ienjinia	1	Developer
edixon	beepcore-c	0	Developer
edkay	jbluez	1	No specific role
edloper	epydoc	1	Project Manager
edloper	python-mode	0	Developer
edorfaus	ppf	0	Developer
edouard_mercier	propertyexplore	1	Developer
edr94200	elips	0	Developer
edrin_t	wxxcd	1	No specific role
edscott	dbh	1	No specific role
edsonmedina	promanager	0	No specific role
edsonto	gczeus	0	Developer
eduardoaguiar	libswf	1	No specific role
eduardobk	jbanana	0	Doc Writer
eduardocruz	refactory	1	No specific role
eduardorotta	txt2tags-editor	1	No specific role
eduardovalentim	firnix	1	No specific role
eduijs	java-game-lib	0	Developer
eduijs	jef	1	Developer
edurand	xmloop	1	Project Manager
edwardbenson	open-dbexpress	1	Project Manager
edwardsc	openxdk	1	Developer
edwinearl	amoeba	1	No specific role
edwingo	xmlconf	0	Developer
edyy	scripting	0	Tester
eelco12	baritus	1	No specific role
eelco12	mav	1	All-Hands Person
eelco12	wicket	1	Developer
eelf	oftc	1	Unix Admin
eemg	worksco	0	Developer
eeuwevandijk	edk	1	All-Hands Person
eeyem	gtkspell	1	No specific role
efa	safe	0	No specific role
efcstudio	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
effenberg0x0	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
effevi	legacytcl	1	No specific role
efficacy	jfcfixtures	0	No specific role
efficacy	stringtree	1	All-Hands Person
efiring	matplotlib	1	Developer
eford	parameterparser	1	No specific role
efranceschi	phpfast	1	Developer
egamma	javaspider	1	Developer
egamma	jhotdraw	1	No specific role
egamma	junit	1	Developer
egarduno	ienjinia	1	Developer
egeland	kgb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
egervari	auroramvc	1	No specific role
eggeroliver	remotecalendars	0	Developer
eggert_larsen	oom	1	No specific role
eggestad	midway	1	No specific role
eggins10	arbiter	0	Tester
eginez	mase	0	No specific role
egladysh	notus	1	No specific role
egladysh	tinytl	1	No specific role
eglebbk	alleg	1	Developer
egnaz	eibcontrol	0	Developer
egocentric	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
egoli	cool	0	Developer
egonw	cdk	1	Project Manager
egonw	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
egoodwin	jstress	0	No specific role
egoricev	easymessaging	1	Developer
egoricev	easymm7	1	Developer
egrolleau	avicaptcl	1	Project Manager
ehaskins444	firstide	1	No specific role
ehdeboer	fb-fenix	0	No specific role
ehjansson	twineproject	1	No specific role
eibe	stemmers	1	No specific role
eiburns	drjava	0	Developer
eichin	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
eidanch	ecservicedll	1	No specific role
eiffel	efsa	1	Project Manager
eiffel777	os-promo-distro	1	Developer
eightfootplus	nfop	0	Developer
eikke	xoops	0	Developer
eim	www-sms	1	Project Manager
eincande	opencare	1	Project Manager
einhverfr	hermesweb	1	Project Manager
einsteinnjr	debiancell	0	Developer
eisenmann	talks2	1	Project Manager
eisi2003	eiselt-classlib	1	No specific role
eivindw	bossxo	1	Project Manager
ejakowatz	resourcer	0	Developer
ejbs	nbpp	1	No specific role
ejcoumans	ai-standards	0	Developer
ejgroene	blijf	1	No specific role
ejoy	libconfig	1	No specific role
ejsalles	npsnetv	0	Developer
ejspe	drjava	1	Developer
ekelund	adodbapi	1	Project Manager
ekero	jbpm	0	Developer
ekim_yar	projman	0	Doc Writer
ekingulen	jtreemap	0	Developer
ekkelenkamp	mmapps	1	Developer
ekon	btsys	1	No specific role
ekovanci	pisibul	0	Web Designer
el-co	mcs-server	0	Doc Writer
ela	mingwrep	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
elabuschagne	impi	0	Developer
elabuschagne	pbof	0	Developer
elad_lahav	kscope	1	No specific role
elahn	jcl	0	Developer
elahn	jvcl	0	Developer
elarson	gmail-api	0	Developer
elau	lyric	0	Developer
elbevacq	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
elcondormage	magesrc	1	No specific role
elcugo	sdl4fp	0	Developer
eldaly	thep2plattice	1	Project Manager
eldilotr	freeallegiance	0	Developer
eldon1660	ai-standards	0	Developer
electricbob	ashkelon	0	Developer
electrojavier	code2pdf	1	No specific role
electron100	lightfeather	1	No specific role
elec_diaz_00	snap	0	Web Designer
eleganesh	haskell-libs	1	Developer
elegant_dice	dtemplatelib	0	No specific role
elegoubin	xmlddl	1	No specific role
elektryczny	valuablesoft	1	No specific role
elementocaotico	xpanda	1	Developer
elemings	dnd3e	1	No specific role
elemings	ogs	1	No specific role
elesage	libcw	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
elfuhrer	jbpm	0	No specific role
elgranazul	pnshadowrun	1	No specific role
elharo	jester	1	All-Hands Person
elhombregris	phpsmacl	1	Developer
elias	alleg	1	Developer
elias	allegrogl	1	Developer
elias	ctags	0	Developer
eliasbalasis	artifax	1	All-Hands Person
elias_naur	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
eliezer	docdesignr	0	Developer
elig	zgcs	1	No specific role
eligreen	iowa	1	No specific role
elindauer	serp	0	Developer
eliotclingman	keel	0	Developer
elitedev	uopl	0	No specific role
elizeualcantara	boletophp	1	No specific role
elj	eiffel	0	Developer
elj	elj	1	No specific role
elj	elj-win32	1	No specific role
elj	smerge	0	Developer
eljay	controlit	1	Analysis / Design
ellers88	tinyxml	0	Developer
ellimylonas	epidoc	0	No specific role
elliotth	ctags	0	Developer
ellises	dssl	1	Developer
ellisj	importscrubber	1	Developer
ellswort	field-model	0	No specific role
elmaco	freecard	0	No specific role
elmaogullari	gnu-tr	0	Developer
elmarhinz	cool	1	Project Manager
elmarj	easymocknet	0	Developer
elmartinfierro	jala	1	No specific role
elmex	haskell-libs	0	Developer
elmuerte	uncodex	1	Developer
eloyek	jedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
eltvn	libtermsrv	1	Developer
elvafu	posixtest	1	Project Manager
el_latino	facturalux	0	Developer
el_oy	rubycocoa	0	Developer
emacla	utd	1	No specific role
emacsman	cedet	0	Developer
emalotau	orunit	1	No specific role
emanuel34	dozer	0	Developer
emanuelgreisen	ganef	1	Developer
emarion	jempft	1	No specific role
emaverick	maverick	0	No specific role
emb	treecomp	1	Project Manager
emccormi	jquery	1	Project Manager
emcdevprog	wdkeclipseplug	1	No specific role
emcgreal	jaxen	0	Developer
emeade	junit	1	Developer
emerado	mcrypt	0	Developer
emergetw	cachew	1	No specific role
emery	libhoard	1	No specific role
emiedes	emiedesclsbrwsr	1	No specific role
emile	cprof	1	No specific role
emilianb	jtheme	1	No specific role
emiliogonzalez	eht-base	1	No specific role
emiruner	xcom	1	All-Hands Person
emoe	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
emoench	gdapi	0	Developer
emol	smile	1	Developer
emolendijk	jvcl	0	Developer
emonjay	vcf	0	Doc Writer
emorning	jlense	1	No specific role
emorning	servicetango	1	No specific role
empeeco	empeecomail	1	No specific role
empirex	miniserver	1	Project Manager
empystudio	dot-net-report	1	No specific role
emre_zaim	pmking	0	Developer
emu	cl-ldap	1	No specific role
emu	cl-sdl	1	Project Manager
emyhre	jice	1	No specific role
enamtvedt	moo3d	0	Developer
encapsule	wtl	1	Developer
enchos	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
encryption	probabilitygen	1	No specific role
ende	blijf	1	Developer
enders	textconv	1	No specific role
enders	timecontrol	1	No specific role
endrix	linux3d	1	Project Manager
engin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
engine252	nteam	0	No specific role
engineer_apple	irrlicht	0	Developer
enitsys	enaf	1	Project Manager
enkaynat	jversatile	1	No specific role
enki	dp2	1	No specific role
enotecha	jbeans	1	Project Manager
enotecha	xmlv	1	No specific role
enrai	moonix	0	No specific role
enricob	dosconf	1	No specific role
ensonic	gitk	1	Project Manager
ensonic	gtkextra	0	Doc Writer
ensonic	jedit	0	No specific role
entelechy	xmltester	0	Developer
entro-p	breach	1	Developer
entropy	ooxml	1	No specific role
enzo	iolib	1	No specific role
enzo	libcdrip	1	No specific role
enzo	smooth	1	No specific role
enzyme_x	vitrax	1	No specific role
eodickens	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
eog	facturalux	0	Developer
eokk	tsguwm	1	No specific role
eolson	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
eonics	etp	1	No specific role
eosterm	webunitproj	0	Developer
epabst	ofbiz	0	No specific role
epasch	lbs	0	No specific role
epbernard	hibernate	1	Developer
epeios	ebkd	1	No specific role
epeios	ehos	1	No specific role
epeios	epeios	1	Project Manager
eperez	gtkspell	1	Developer
epesh	jsptags	1	No specific role
epesh	ln2	1	Project Manager
epesh	wafer	0	No specific role
epetitje	irrlicht	0	Developer
ephestion	runesword	0	Graphic/Other Designer
epieters	jbpm	0	No specific role
epimetrias	xmemedit	0	Developer
epinfo	joffad	1	Project Manager
epiotr	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
epn	pithreads	1	No specific role
eppesuig	canonscanner	0	Developer
epsilon7	xaraya	1	Developer
epsino	elips	0	Developer
epsino	fddtools	0	Developer
equinoxe	prado	0	Support Technician
eranm	scintilla	0	Developer
ercan_ismail	gmc4j	1	No specific role
ercolano	fltk	0	No specific role
erdinc	gnu-tr	0	Developer
erd_1507	wxcode	0	Developer
ereinecke	portabilitykit	0	No specific role
erenturkay	pisibul	0	Web Designer
ereznetta	geckoplugin	1	Project Manager
eriban	diet-agents	1	No specific role
eribe	delux	1	No specific role
eric-z	amiclargs	1	No specific role
eric235u	xoops	0	Developer
eric451	toolsync	1	No specific role
ericb	freeelks	1	Project Manager
ericb	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
ericb	nenie	1	Developer
ericbodden	jptoolkit	1	No specific role
ericcheng	drjava	0	Developer
ericdf	trove4j	1	No specific role
ericevans	timeandmoney	1	No specific role
erich-roncarolo	eslib	1	No specific role
ericm	tktable	1	No specific role
ericnielsen	arbiter	0	Tester
ericp	scintilla	0	Developer
ericrwilliams	jgrinder	0	All-Hands Person
ericschneider	cayenne	0	Developer
ericson	nteam	0	Developer
ericthorsen	foil	0	Developer
ericyxli	ppi	0	Developer
eric_babar	deephelpdesk	1	No specific role
eric_cooper	zoolib	1	Developer
eric_juden	xoops	0	Developer
eric_lindahl	bshcom	1	No specific role
eric_lindahl	bshu	1	No specific role
eric_niebler	boost	0	Developer
eric_suen	jeez	1	All-Hands Person
eric_sun	jeez	0	Project Manager
erikbos	ses-ppts	1	Developer
erikpoupaert	relartist	1	No specific role
erikxiv	gxl	1	All-Hands Person
erik_van_zijst	beanlet	1	No specific role
erik_van_zijst	jarcraft	1	No specific role
eris	haskell-libs	1	Distributor/Promoter
eris4vp	vaniglia	0	Developer
erkie	php-fusebox	1	Project Manager
erkih	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
erlebach	vlab	1	Developer
erle_dzus	landxmlsdk	0	No specific role
erngui	winguitest	0	Project Manager
eroosa	txtools	1	No specific role
erose	roundtrip	0	No specific role
erparom	dhtml-gui	1	No specific role
errhoads	fault-injection	0	Developer
errows	snoopy	0	Developer
erthalus	devproject	0	Developer
ervandew	eclim	1	No specific role
erwinn	tutti	1	No specific role
eryx	phpfunc	1	No specific role
esammer	libfssearch	1	Project Manager
escalope	ingenias	1	Project Manager
escape164	arbiter	0	Tester
esche	cplusplus	0	Developer
escheffers	flow	0	Developer
eschler	qwav	1	No specific role
escoem	jtad	1	Developer
escoem	syfone	1	Project Manager
escovan	ika	0	No specific role
escovan	serpens	1	No specific role
eserin	npsnetv	0	Developer
eserte	sf-upload	1	No specific role
esimone	libdsml2	1	No specific role
esjackson	hp	1	Web Designer
esjatharvee	voicecode	0	Developer
eskatos	monkeystudio	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
esmiralha	jpolls	0	Developer
esnard	colcows	1	Developer
eso	j2me-lib	1	Developer
eso	j2meunit	1	Project Manager
espakm	mulib	0	Developer
espart	myphpnuke	0	Developer
esparta	codebook	0	Developer
espen	clg	1	No specific role
espensore	epidoc	0	No specific role
esseelle	goanna	0	Developer
essmann	simplexml	1	No specific role
essmann	taglets	1	Developer
estagor	dbxml-core	1	Project Manager
estebancabezudo	formularios	1	No specific role
esuez	ashkelon	1	Project Manager
esumerfd	bitbashers	1	No specific role
eswadmin	esw	1	No specific role
eswanson	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
esword	meta-jb	0	Developer
etagwerker	easyscm	1	No specific role
ethdra	rwl	1	No specific role
etherealflaim	simpletk	1	Project Manager
ethryx	camtrivia	1	No specific role
etienne_marais	sqlpersist	1	No specific role
etnt	btt	1	No specific role
etnt	hammerhead	1	No specific role
etrepum	ctypes	0	No specific role
etrepum	pyobjc	1	All-Hands Person
etrusco	synedit	1	All-Hands Person
ettukali	utplsql	0	Developer
eugene_beast	smartims	0	No specific role
eugtk	eugtk	1	No specific role
euklid	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
europasystems	javacandies	1	No specific role
eutychus	phpolait	0	Developer
evakichi	ipat	1	No specific role
evandro_machado	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
evanz_d	apricot	1	No specific role
evanz_d	phpseed	1	Project Manager
evapgiron	jtad	1	Project Manager
evapgiron	syfone	0	Developer
evarga	jxunit	0	Developer
evariste_galois	agentacademy	1	Developer
evasilakis	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
evbasso	gczeus	1	No specific role
evels	banenas	1	No specific role
everes	rhaco	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
evertonm	libsrv	0	No specific role
everweb	enyware	0	Project Manager
evgenm	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
evgobal	agentacademy	0	Tester
eviljorge	lesser-libs	0	Developer
evilpuppet	seymour	1	Developer
evilrob	zoolib	0	Developer
evil_overlord	microberemains	0	No specific role
eviston	fspaix	1	Project Manager
evl	ottobus	1	No specific role
evlich	drjava	0	Developer
evought	qcijutils	1	All-Hands Person
evo_lemon	grupohci	0	Developer
evren	programlama	1	No specific role
ewald-arnold	kdevcppunit	1	No specific role
ewald-arnold	mockpp	1	No specific role
ewang2004	epp-rtk	1	Developer
ewbragg	meta-jb	0	Developer
ewdi	foxserv	1	Project Manager
eweitlaner	egovtyrol	0	Developer
ewelina_kruk	resourcepocket	0	Content Management
excedor	humano2	0	No specific role
executor_taron	gengine	0	Developer
exevp	foxcb	1	Developer
exile57	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
exile_10	mindlence-game	1	Developer
exman	pymssql	1	Project Manager
exmld	exmld	1	No specific role
exodist	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
exophase	megazeux	1	Developer
exophase	ultrazig	0	Developer
exortech	comunit	1	Project Manager
exortech	netreflector	1	No specific role
exortech	rodent	1	No specific role
expaler	swiss-gd-knife	1	No specific role
extreme66	jedit	0	Developer
extreme_logic	jmapi	1	No specific role
ey6es	npsnetv	1	Developer
eyal_zvi	phpbt	0	Developer
eydelber	countdotnetcula	1	No specific role
eydelber	modauthfire	1	No specific role
eyebex	cute	0	No specific role
eyrdan	nwndynlib	1	Project Manager
eyrie	phplib	0	Project Manager
ezequieljadib	acs-nh	1	Developer
ezust	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
ezust	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ezust	pmd	0	Developer
e_the_sad	redundantdb	1	No specific role
e_the_sad	urt	1	No specific role
e_weijmans	code-x	0	Developer
f121465	torqi	1	No specific role
f2f	chamatools	0	Developer
fabiano818	market-garden	0	No specific role
fabienillide	prass	0	Editorial/Content Writer
fabiomaulo	nhibernate	0	Tester
fabiorecife	is-webstart	1	No specific role
fabiorecife	sami	1	No specific role
fabioroger	qtprevayler	1	No specific role
fabiowillow	jorm	1	Project Manager
fabioz	pydev	1	Project Manager
fabio_patricio	jdbase	1	Project Manager
fabpot	perlcpn	0	Developer
fabrice_carnet	jbackbrowse	1	No specific role
fadishami	swingml	0	No specific role
fadushin	jpl	1	No specific role
fafhrdius	easycomments	1	No specific role
fagiano	tiny-rex	1	No specific role
fah-q	pas	0	Developer
faisal.mir	ior	1	Project Manager
falbujer	facturalux	1	Developer
falcasquad	pic-dev	1	Unix Admin
falemagn	pyaros	0	Developer
falerion	autorealm	1	Developer
fallingdutch	upp	0	Developer
fallwest94703	frijole	1	No specific role
fando	log4r	1	No specific role
fangl	triones	0	Developer
fangr	nfc	1	No specific role
fanzoo	nteam	0	Project Manager
faoron	fadingsummer	0	Developer
far2fish	ppf	0	Developer
farazdagi	phpblib	1	Project Manager
farberg	dynamiteproject	1	No specific role
farcasclaudiu	activelock	1	Project Manager
farcrafter	obtruder	1	No specific role
farf	jdbf	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
farmatyr	hermesweb	0	Developer
farnaud	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
farnaud	nenie	1	No specific role
farnea	pow2toolkit	1	Developer
farnulfo	velogui	1	No specific role
farrukh_najmi	freeb-ubl	1	Project Manager
farsus	exoops	1	Project Manager
fassisrosa	webtst	1	No specific role
fastdragon	channelmanager	1	Developer
fastdragon	javasip	1	Developer
fastdragon	mockobject	1	Developer
fasten	eclipsescala	1	No specific role
fasten	ujemacs	1	No specific role
fasten	xrml	1	No specific role
fattie	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fawadhalim	chiphpug	0	No specific role
fayjf	freeglut	1	Project Manager
fazlazen	nspring	0	Developer
fb-la-i	ai-standards	0	No specific role
fbalzari	somload	1	No specific role
fbellier	piproject	1	Project Manager
fbenedictti	cobol-dbms	1	Project Manager
fberna	sharpa	0	Developer
fbfd	orm4j	1	Developer
fbilhaut	ksql	1	Project Manager
fbilhaut	xineo	1	Project Manager
fbisso	fbissocdb	1	No specific role
fbitterlich	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
fbonnet	tkgs	1	No specific role
fbooth	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
fbos	fstreem	1	No specific role
fbos	tuplespace	1	No specific role
fbsd-dev	install6	1	No specific role
fbuchli	jfamix	1	No specific role
fcacciola	boost	0	Developer
fcahill	salmon	0	Developer
fcalain	freecard	0	No specific role
fcarli	soft-wars	1	No specific role
fcarlier	tidyfornet	1	No specific role
fcastrillo	ienjinia	0	Developer
fcecin	freemmg	1	No specific role
fcrestois	xmlsourcefile	1	No specific role
fcristini	agelib	1	No specific role
fcs2001	ai-standards	0	Developer
fdbird	promanager	1	Project Manager
fdeweerdt	visages	1	No specific role
fdiotalevi	jcman	1	No specific role
fdiotalevi	jconx	1	Developer
fdittgen	dotgrid	0	Developer
fdj	extendamac	1	No specific role
fdncred	scintilla	0	Developer
fdolibois	jformular	1	Project Manager
fdrake	pypi	0	Developer
fdrake	pywebsvcs	1	No specific role
feanor420	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
feathersky	fastlib	1	Project Manager
febret	vertigo-fwork	1	No specific role
fed3rico	lulop2	0	Developer
feder	mylicense	1	No specific role
fedrushkov	bugzilla-ru	1	All-Hands Person
feelicks	goe	1	Developer
feiguin	gtkextra	1	Project Manager
fejj	marblehorse	0	No specific role
feldt	aspectr	1	No specific role
felenka	htmlparselib	1	No specific role
felgon	net-edit	1	Developer
felipeal	dbunit	1	Project Manager
felipeconde	isvalidator	0	No specific role
felipehf	fortesreport	0	Developer
felipetrujillo	manta	1	Developer
felipeudel	ospi	0	Developer
felipe_almeida	cppgui	1	No specific role
felix007	agentacademy	1	Developer
felixhuggle	xhuggle	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
felixls	catalognow	1	No specific role
fellipeh	usercontrolpro	1	No specific role
fenger	bgclass	0	No specific role
fenkys	gtkpp	1	Project Manager
fennema	mis	1	No specific role
feod	umds	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ferd617	bpe	0	Developer
fergusod	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
ferici	gui	1	Developer
fermium	bgclass	0	No specific role
fernando43	jnative	0	Developer
fernandolerner	dbfw4j	1	Project Manager
fernandolerner	uml4j	1	Project Manager
fernandopassaro	mhpbox	1	Developer
fernandoribeiro	coronelado	1	No specific role
fernandoribeiro	formigapreferid	1	No specific role
fernandoribeiro	objetospelados	1	No specific role
fernandoribeiro	pluggathon	1	Developer
fernandovm	xprevail	1	No specific role
ferraro	ha-javamail	1	No specific role
ferraro	ha-jdbc	1	Project Manager
ferraro	ufsc	1	Project Manager
ferrell	diablo95	1	Developer
ferret1964	esiobjects	1	Project Manager
ferrisr	alleg	0	No specific role
fesnault	edf	0	Developer
festerwim	vigilog	1	No specific role
feti	mojavi	1	No specific role
feuerflitzer	kafenio	0	No specific role
feyddevnet	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
ffee21	csbi	0	Developer
fflorian	kafenio	0	Developer
ffm	jslogger	1	No specific role
fgarcia2	protrak	1	Doc Writer
fgarsombke	dozer	1	Project Manager
fglock	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
fglock	perl-oak	0	Developer
fgstep	simplygnustep	0	Developer
fguillau	o3dge	1	Project Manager
fguyot	camellia	0	No specific role
fhendrikx	kidbasic	0	Developer
fhitzel	vimms	1	Developer
fhnmor21	php-wfw	1	No specific role
fhoukes	fml	1	No specific role
fhtino	iec16022sharp	1	No specific role
fhwang	lafcadio	1	No specific role
fhwang	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
fibre	sanctum	1	Project Manager
fidler	upp	1	No specific role
fierensyves	propertyviewer	1	Project Manager
fiji	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
file13	adaprojet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
filipe_maia	gfclib	0	Developer
filipvanlaenen	informa	0	Developer
filmor	ydoneum	1	Developer
filworld	edumips64	0	Developer
finell	pdk	1	Web Designer
finellen	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
fingolfin	hexedit	0	Project Manager
fingolfin	marblehorse	0	Developer
fingolfin	sdldoc	1	No specific role
finocchi	leonardolibrary	0	Project Manager
finsss	agfupx	1	No specific role
fintler	wii-linux	1	No specific role
fipar	sh-mutex	1	No specific role
firas_3d	omtoolbox	0	Developer
firdaus_halim	objmap	1	No specific role
fireangel	cdx	0	Developer
fireangel	cgewrapper	1	Developer
fireartist	camelpack	0	Developer
fireartist	xnamer	1	No specific role
firepoet	fitnesse	0	Developer
firepoet	nxplanner	1	Project Manager
firestrand	joone	0	Developer
firewing	vcon	1	No specific role
fire_foot	firefoot	1	No specific role
firma	phpbt	0	Developer
firstcyberdemon	jsmeg	1	No specific role
fischeo	jsedit	0	Project Manager
fiser	epidoc	1	Project Manager
fishermen21	janus-plugin	0	Developer
fishnetsoft	fndevelop	1	No specific role
fixxx	pnencompass	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fjankk	jcache	1	Project Manager
fjardon	lib3df	1	No specific role
fjelmer	jfrace	1	No specific role
fjen	processing	0	Tester
fku	rotflogger	1	All-Hands Person
flabes	cassandra	0	Unix Admin
fladder	groove	1	Developer
flashability	aseclipseplugin	0	Graphic/Other Designer
flashin	n30-cms	1	No specific role
flashk	visualsai	0	Developer
flashnoi	flashservices	1	Developer
flatmax	mffmlibsndfilew	1	No specific role
flatpredator	plog	1	No specific role
flatron123	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
flatyre	gpullover	1	No specific role
flau	gnome-turk	1	Unix Admin
flau	gnu-tr	0	Developer
flavio	stereogl	0	Developer
flaviotordini	xfp	1	No specific role
flcl_2001	libsx	1	Project Manager
flecou	webtester	0	Tester
fleeb	devpaks	0	No specific role
fleeflang	bayonne	0	Developer
flegens	xulbooster	1	No specific role
flegy	openwince	0	Developer
fletch	php3-xslt	1	No specific role
fletch15	prograde	0	Developer
flexer	abele	1	No specific role
fli	processing	0	Developer
flibuste	tlabs	1	Project Manager
fliggerty	morrowindonline	1	Developer
flimflan	structuremap	1	Developer
flit	augui	1	No specific role
floeff	floeff	1	Project Manager
floele	csstidy	1	Developer
flohimself	mxf	1	All-Hands Person
florentd	joffad	0	Developer
florin_patrascu	jpublish	0	Developer
floripa	phpmole-ide	0	Developer
flow81	geclipse	1	No specific role
floydprice	activexp	1	Project Manager
flrt	lantern	1	No specific role
fluoro	neoengine	1	Project Manager
flu_id	opencbp	1	Project Manager
flyfishr64	visemacs	1	Project Manager
flyingboy	jvcl	0	Developer
fma6	bugzilla-ar	0	Developer
fmar	menda	1	Developer
fmarchal	smart-library	0	No specific role
fmarletta	opencbp	0	Developer
fmarzocca	www-sms	0	Developer
fmatheus	bossa	1	Developer
fmichel	mic	1	Developer
fmjrey	mapperframework	1	Project Manager
fmontes	jatisat	0	Developer
fmrfirebird	objective3d	1	Project Manager
fmurialdo	japic	1	Project Manager
fnheiden	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fnog	xoops	0	Developer
fnpedrosa	debiancell	0	Developer
fog_rain	jakarta-k	0	Developer
fohringer0	nstreamlib	0	Developer
foof	guile-sdl	0	Developer
foogod	uci	1	Project Manager
foole	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
foolinux	linecounter	1	No specific role
foolnet	websharp	0	Project Manager
foosel	codeslang	1	No specific role
fooups	xfr	0	Doc Writer
foozy	pagemixer	1	No specific role
foozy	ptlog	1	No specific role
foozy	sasax	1	No specific role
foquendo	vbxtender	1	Project Manager
forafish	kayagres	1	No specific role
forger77	java-util-lib	1	No specific role
forkprong	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
forsaken_dragon	ptrivia	1	Project Manager
forsberg	roundup	0	Developer
forsterf	intoj	0	Developer
fortuna	ical4j	1	No specific role
fortuna	mstor	1	No specific role
fortuna	toolbag	1	No specific role
foske	ggi	0	Developer
fossie	pyconfigfile	1	No specific role
fotsoft	epp-rtk	1	Developer
fotsoft	epptt	1	Developer
foxat	jdbforms	0	Developer
foxat	pow2toolkit	1	No specific role
foxbatty	xlattice	0	Developer
foxserv_epgs	foxserv	0	All-Hands Person
fpena	kasai	1	Developer
fperezpa	providers	1	Developer
fperezpa	xkins	0	Developer
fpgui	balise	1	No specific role
fpiccand	openwfe	0	Developer
fpierfed	pyxpa	1	Project Manager
fpierre	jbanana	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fpierre	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fpillet	kprof	1	No specific role
fponchel	soft-wars	1	No specific role
fpraca	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
fprog	allocator	1	No specific role
fprog	jakecpplib	0	Developer
fprog	pokea	1	No specific role
frabcus	installlib	1	Project Manager
fractor	exymen	1	Project Manager
fraggle	irmo	1	No specific role
fragus	sose	0	Web Designer
fraguz	sose	1	No specific role
fral	mimerpm	1	Developer
framug	mp-plugins	0	Developer
francescoa	drpython	1	Project Manager
francisandre	jsh	0	No specific role
francisandre	log4cpp	0	Developer
francisandre	pstreams	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
francisandre	sockstream	1	No specific role
francisandre	ximol	0	No specific role
franciscus	struts	0	Developer
francisdobi	frobot	1	No specific role
francisdobi	jedit	0	Developer
francisdobi	qf-utils	1	No specific role
franci_cz	teng	0	Doc Writer
franckp	sorttag	1	No specific role
francom	fractalkiss	0	Developer
frank-mlc	napkin42	0	Developer
frank-sforge	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
frankblacksf	xoops	0	Support Technician
frankbuss	charon	1	No specific role
frankbuss	lispbuilder	1	Developer
frankc	corelinux	1	All-Hands Person
frankeh	lbs	0	Developer
frankgerhardt	tritos	0	No specific role
frankm78	purdue-penumbra	1	Project Manager
frankmoritz	jcapi	0	Developer
frankomaurer	mase	1	Project Manager
frankotto	jgoose	0	Developer
frankyeh	xbtl	1	No specific role
frank_adrian	clocc	0	Developer
frank_w	ses-ppts	1	Developer
frano	xoops	0	Developer
frans_lundberg	basestream	1	No specific role
franzachermann	webunitproj	0	Developer
franzg	pyclips	1	Project Manager
franzg	pynds	1	No specific role
frazur	coconut	0	Developer
frb-de	objectbrowser	1	All-Hands Person
freality	jautotest	1	No specific role
fred14214	c-y-a	0	Developer
fredds	jezxmlconfig	1	No specific role
freddy1990	scarsrl	0	No specific role
freddy77	cplusplus	0	Developer
freddy77	perdr	1	All-Hands Person
freddy78	sqlitemanager	1	No specific role
fredgilbert	jxmleditor	1	Project Manager
fredhuffman	tpabbrevia	1	No specific role
fredhuffman	tpapro	1	No specific role
fredhuffman	tpipro	1	No specific role
fredhuffman	tplockbox	1	No specific role
fredhuffman	tponguard	1	No specific role
fredhuffman	tpsystools	0	No specific role
fredhuffman	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
fredkwok	rhea	1	Developer
fred_a99	webserviceedu	1	Developer
fred_inbox	xoops	0	Developer
free2create	struts	1	Developer
freealter	phpwebmin	1	Project Manager
freeborg	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
freedom	libtabe	0	No specific role
freefrag	bugzproxy	1	No specific role
freegoldbar	fann	0	Developer
freekerf	ivm	0	Developer
freekerf	refchecker	0	Developer
freequebec	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
freerep	freereport	1	Project Manager
freerock	dynarr	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
freescope	freescope	1	Project Manager
freetogo	upp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
freeworldircd	oftc	0	Developer
freezie	jakarta-k	0	Developer
frehe	rccparser	0	No specific role
freixas	flib	1	No specific role
frenchmb	storcarman	1	No specific role
french_c	jetm	1	No specific role
frenzieddragon	jeasytester	1	No specific role
frer	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fresco	xenei	0	Graphic/Other Designer
fresh	roundup	0	Developer
freso	optik	0	No specific role
fret	lgi	1	No specific role
freter	findbugs	0	Developer
freynaud	gnuegw	1	Developer
friedger	curl-widgets	1	Developer
friedger	curlunit	1	No specific role
friedgold	openxdk	0	Developer
friendfx	javaregextester	1	No specific role
fries	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
friseb123	tsauto	1	No specific role
friso73	exegraph	0	Developer
fritsv	openusb	1	No specific role
fritzone	pici-nms	1	No specific role
frm	wxart2d	0	Developer
frm	wxcode	1	Developer
frm	wxextended	1	Developer
froderik	dabench	1	Developer
frodof	zorta	0	Developer
froehler	projectbutler	1	Developer
froged	sdloo	1	No specific role
frooyo	regressie	1	No specific role
frostbox	scripts4xbmc	1	Project Manager
frrpql	dreamboxdev	0	Developer
fruitbatinshade	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Project Manager
frustration567	bulwinkle	1	No specific role
frxoops	xfr	1	No specific role
fryguy101	eclpce	0	No specific role
fryppy	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
fsaenzperez	toy	1	No specific role
fsesintef	coras	0	Developer
fsga	crm114	1	No specific role
fsgiudice	hwgui	0	No specific role
fsgiudice	woopgui	1	Project Manager
fsl	hsqldb-plugin	1	No specific role
fsoft	afc	1	No specific role
fspacek	ggi	0	Developer
fspinazzi	dbunit	0	Developer
fspinazzi	springnet	0	Developer
fsusypher	elixre	0	Developer
fsziegler	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fta	adtools	0	Doc Writer
fterrier	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
fthiemonge	jfilechecker	1	No specific role
ftobin	pythius	1	Developer
ftobin	readyexec	1	All-Hands Person
fubini	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
fukuzawa	eclipse-solx86	1	No specific role
fulldecent	fdconsole	1	No specific role
fullertonguy	translet	0	No specific role
fulnecky	eclipsesrs	1	No specific role
fulnecky	emfsearch	1	No specific role
fultoncr	cdk	0	Developer
fumiakiy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
funge	ai-standards	0	Developer
funkman	furies	1	No specific role
funplc	legatonet	1	No specific role
fup	fear	0	Developer
furnish	cxx	1	Developer
fusemonkey	fbcommunity	1	Project Manager
fusemonkey	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
fusemonkey	wireframetool	0	Developer
fusionex	visualsai	0	No specific role
futuraworkz	cep	1	Developer
future_wave	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
fuzzyfrog	transmogrify	1	No specific role
fvicente	phpeclipse	0	Developer
fvpat	fvpatwds	1	No specific role
fvrsintef	coras	1	No specific role
fx2024	xoops	0	Developer
fxiaodi	open-pragmatic	1	No specific role
fxkuehl	mesa3d	0	Developer
fxn	perl-es	1	No specific role
fyhuang	simulus-engine	1	No specific role
fypraxa	largemask	1	Developer
fzaker	designet	1	No specific role
fzammetti	datavision	1	Project Manager
fzammetti	javawebparts	1	Developer
fzammetti	struts	0	Developer
fzammetti	strutsws	1	Project Manager
fzappert	pattern	0	No specific role
fzimper	jdbforms	0	Developer
f_crivellaro	yav	1	No specific role
f_lange	ltilib	0	Developer
f_marighetti	cdk	0	No specific role
g-cyclops	cyclops-group	1	No specific role
g-leyva	manta	1	Developer
g0n	pcbsd-es	1	No specific role
g17m0	libymp	1	No specific role
gaaseng	hackerlabs	1	No specific role
gaaseng	srcdoc	1	No specific role
gabbychr	log4janalyzer	1	No specific role
gabe	marblehorse	0	No specific role
gabe100	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
gabog	comunit	0	Developer
gabor_kover	oql2jdo	1	No specific role
gabr	synedit	0	No specific role
gabrielbodard	epidoc	1	Project Manager
gabrielconnor	xaraya	0	No specific role
gabrieldimas	fortesreport	0	Tester
gabrielezannoni	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
gabrielha	tacos	0	Developer
gabrielteratos	tabulation	1	No specific role
gabriel_	joffad	0	Developer
gabriel_bornia	ucpapyrus	1	No specific role
gabriel_la	mx4j	0	Developer
gabysoft	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gacott	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
gadicohen	smarty-gettext	0	Developer
gaffneyc	haste	1	No specific role
gagneet	phpdts	1	Developer
gajen	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
galadhon	clx-report	1	Unix Admin
galeon_	far-engine	1	Developer
gallard	joda	0	Developer
gallysoft	imperoupdater	1	Developer
galor	galor	1	No specific role
galttar	uml4j	1	Project Manager
gamaliel0763	t-gtk	0	No specific role
gambit47	internetdirect	0	Developer
gamester17	xinstall	1	No specific role
gampert	clx-report	0	Developer
gandralf	jndie	1	Developer
gandresgonzalez	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
gandy	gtkextra	0	Developer
ganesha_sf	phpeclipse	0	Developer
gangadharj	wslin	0	Developer
gangesmaster	pyconstruct	1	No specific role
gann	trove4j	0	Developer
ganssauge	boost	0	Developer
gaogao	zipios	0	Developer
gaoligaoli	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
garagan	obe	0	Developer
garagecube	openmediatoolkt	1	No specific role
garance	xpweb	0	No specific role
garbelini	xoops	0	No specific role
garbrand	teleport	1	Graphic/Other Designer
gardenerd	nteam	0	Project Manager
gards	proxool	0	Developer
garethhunt	badbean	1	No specific role
garethhunt	wagthetail	1	No specific role
garethnelsonuk	citric	1	Developer
garg_shail	jbpm	0	Developer
garitaiya	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
garoush	dotlucene	1	Developer
gartland	acsf	1	No specific role
garuma	monoxna	0	Developer
garybollinger	obe	1	Project Manager
garyfeng	emxml	1	No specific role
garyfx	nunit	0	Web Designer
garyjharris	libinfo	1	No specific role
garykrell	codebook	0	No specific role
garyniu	pockit	1	No specific role
garysteinmetz	powerfolder	1	Project Manager
garyz	activexp	1	No specific role
gary_ash	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
gary_kephart	webantrunner	1	No specific role
garzol	ocamaweb	1	Project Manager
garzol	phimatex	1	No specific role
gaselli	domit-xmlparser	0	Developer
gaselli	saxy-xmlparser	0	Developer
gassmann	mca2	0	Project Manager
gastonramos	alifecontest	1	Developer
gastonramos	phpnoide	1	No specific role
gates666	jdeapi	1	Developer
gathmann	pdk	1	Project Manager
gathorne	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
gatny	quickfix	0	Developer
gatomatic	jala	1	No specific role
gaupe	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gauravps	wii-linux	0	No specific role
gauthierm	gtkspell	0	No specific role
gavilan	codebook	0	Developer
gavink	sut	1	No specific role
gavinla	joone	0	Developer
gayansource	jasperwrapper	1	No specific role
gback	javabdd	0	Developer
gbader	csbi	0	No specific role
gbaguy	neside	1	No specific role
gballet	rdtracker	1	No specific role
gbay	py-universe	0	Project Manager
gbche	wxnet	0	Developer
gbevin	tinyqt	1	No specific role
gbloisi	liburi	1	No specific role
gboissier	metrics	0	Developer
gbonalde	nomacolamp	1	No specific role
gborrelli2006	abyssstudio	1	No specific role
gbrandl	pygments	1	No specific role
gbrault	jspdoc	1	No specific role
gbrunet	py-dbase	1	No specific role
gbyers	clocc	0	Developer
gc159128	lefthand	0	Developer
gcampbell	pdf-inc	1	Developer
gcaprio	springnet	0	Developer
gcogniaux	libcx	1	No specific role
gcoliveira	encnet	0	No specific role
gdemont	gnavi	0	Developer
gdesclaux	phplib	0	No specific role
gdgrieve	internetdirect	0	Developer
gdvieira	bossa	1	Developer
ge0ffrey	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
geaz	xtas	1	No specific role
gebeine	mantisbt	0	Developer
gedl	berserk	1	Project Manager
gedl	worksco	0	Developer
geek7	gitk	0	No specific role
geertu	linux-fbdev	1	Project Manager
gefilte	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
gega	gui	1	Project Manager
gehtsoft	pcre-cs	1	No specific role
geisor	xradar	0	Developer
geit	filex	0	Developer
gelf	xprint	0	Developer
gellyfish	xmlxslt	1	Developer
gemi	gtkswing	1	No specific role
gen2joki	lnc	0	Developer
genady	lunar-eclipse	1	No specific role
genedavis	gdsprinting	1	No specific role
genedavis	gemms	1	All-Hands Person
generalgherkin	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
generalpd	hbci4net	1	Project Manager
gene_wood	snoopy	1	Developer
genilton	gbboleto	1	Project Manager
genilton	openboleto	0	Project Manager
geniot	javaflashbridge	1	No specific role
genmeo	genesis-ist	0	No specific role
gennady_kovalev	pli	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gennaro_prota	boost	0	Developer
gennaro_prota	breeze	1	Developer
genone	libsilt	1	Project Manager
genssler	jgoose	0	Developer
geoff8579	jedimath	0	Developer
geoffm74	domify	1	Developer
geoff_youngs	rox-ruby	1	No specific role
georgeck	cil-parser	1	Project Manager
georgetho	pscux	0	Developer
georgeuoa	gexpa	1	No specific role
geraldb	petra	1	Project Manager
gerald_brandt	rtracker	1	No specific role
gerbier	projinfo	1	No specific role
gerbil	ivm	0	Developer
gercan	lomboz	0	No specific role
geremycohen	activegrid	1	Support Manager
geri-sf	avango	0	Developer
gerkek	sql2diagram	1	Unix Admin
gerlach	nanoterm	1	Project Manager
germelito	nspode	0	Web Designer
germinal	hammurapi	0	No specific role
germuska	struts	1	Developer
gerph	riscos-constant	1	No specific role
gerrithuizenga	lbs	0	Developer
gerrit_daniels	infinitum8	1	Developer
gerry4u	phloc-logging	0	Developer
gersonfaf61	docprovider	1	No specific role
gerti	jedit	0	No specific role
gervasi	reqsimile	0	Developer
gesha	imagej	1	No specific role
gesha	visualtelephony	0	Support Manager
gesha_x	nuclos	1	No specific role
get21	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
geurt	ofc	0	No specific role
gevely	ajax	0	Developer
geven	lvdevtools	0	Developer
gezerk	scout	0	Developer
gezginv	ide4db	0	Tester
gferro	vaniglia	0	Developer
gfk	cafeine	1	No specific role
gfoot	alleg	0	Developer
gfoot	allegrogl	1	Developer
gfoot	libnet	1	No specific role
gfuta	pulpit	1	Project Manager
gfx	jext	1	Project Manager
ggallo	providers	0	Developer
ggarside	py-cctype	1	Developer
ggbutcher	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
ggc	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
ggd	gtk2hs	0	Web Designer
ggibecka	ggi	1	Tester
ggridin	jmobilecore	1	Project Manager
ggrosse	genie-framework	1	No specific role
ggx2	searchmonkey	0	Developer
ghasemkiani	persiancalendar	1	No specific role
ghelman	vblib	1	No specific role
gherez	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
ghester	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
ghester25	swingml	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ghettojedi	madeleine	0	Developer
ghinkl	carbon	1	Project Manager
ghinkl	jarjunkie	1	No specific role
gholam	loadsim	0	No specific role
ghoot	chiki	1	Project Manager
ghorayeb	camellia	0	No specific role
ghost-90	hx-p	0	No specific role
ghost509	apad	1	No specific role
ghowlett	blt	1	Developer
ghum	pymonitor	0	Developer
ghuron	nester	1	Unix Admin
giabac	jdbf	0	Developer
giacometti	jpe	1	All-Hands Person
gianlucazaggia	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
gianni	cplusplus	0	Developer
gianp	claro	1	Developer
gianvz	quadris	1	No specific role
gibaphp	xoops	0	Developer
gibarrola	cryptology	1	No specific role
gibbensr	nteam	0	Developer
gibran_g4	jdirdiff	1	Developer
gigaclon	openrpg-gde	0	Developer
gigahurtz	yabsim	1	No specific role
gigvivek	batchide	1	No specific role
gigvivek	goscript	1	No specific role
gilad_no	wtl	0	Developer
gilead	huf	1	No specific role
gilescope	jnormalform	1	Developer
gilesforster	nspring	0	Developer
gilfanon	adtools	0	Developer
gilksd	jafer	0	Developer
gillet	jpe	0	Developer
gillparams	qcijutils	0	Developer
gilran	libbash	1	Developer
gilril	iconsearch	1	No specific role
gilstrap	javalogging	1	Project Manager
gilthiago	insightprocess	1	No specific role
ginge	hoogle	1	No specific role
giniu	esdl	0	Developer
gioeleb	debugstream	1	No specific role
gioppe	cool	1	Graphic/Other Designer
giord666	m2v	1	No specific role
giorgio83	graphcontrols	1	No specific role
giorgio83	mysdlgui	1	No specific role
giovannibajo	boost	0	Developer
giovanni_giorgi	cat	1	Developer
gip2100	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
giri23	amorph	1	Developer
gis	uml	0	Developer
gisbertamm	pydtddoc	1	Project Manager
gisburn	xprint	1	No specific role
gislersoft	php-generics	1	No specific role
gissi	revelationp	1	Project Manager
giulianobg	nspode	1	No specific role
giulienk	www-sms	1	Project Manager
giuseppep	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
gizmhail	xoops	0	Developer
gjbadros	javaml	1	Project Manager
gjehle	pclasses	1	Web Designer
gjj	tsunamic	1	No specific role
gjjansen	utplsql	0	Developer
gjmacd	alde	0	Developer
gjosten	xmlxslt	0	Developer
gjustier	cool	1	Project Manager
gkal	sierra	1	Developer
gkello	gasqlparser	1	Project Manager
gkhh	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
gkirkend	opengraph	1	Project Manager
gklund	parc	0	Developer
gknauth	openmap	1	Developer
gkomel	blake	0	No specific role
gkrueger	evolutif	1	Developer
gladalex	impression	1	Developer
glade-perl	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
gladiator	simpletk	0	Developer
glancef	rtpdemo	0	Developer
glassfordm	boost	0	Developer
glauschwuffel	nuweb	1	No specific role
glazarus	x3p	1	No specific role
gldm	gleditor	1	No specific role
gldneagl	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
gldneagl	onmobile	1	Project Manager
glelston	freeform	0	Developer
glenblewis	dtframework	1	No specific role
glennmaughan	v2d	1	No specific role
glennrp	cexcept	1	No specific role
glen_s	log4cpp	0	Developer
gleo	openai	1	Project Manager
glermen	holo	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
gletiecq	formflood	1	Project Manager
glgay	xarm	1	No specific role
gliptak	mockrunner	0	Developer
gliptak	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
globalqss	compilo	0	Developer
globbi	ooxml	1	No specific role
gloeglm	hibernate	0	Developer
glongman	changespy	1	No specific role
glongman	spindle	1	No specific role
glongman	tapestry	0	Developer
glowe	jitter	1	Developer
glowe	soapanywhere	0	Developer
glraaj	xdoclet-ui	0	No specific role
glvgfz	javapng	0	Developer
gmacgregor	jabcpp	1	Project Manager
gmadrigal	uml	0	Developer
gmajor	fourtools	1	Developer
gmartin	vess	1	Project Manager
gmartone	jdbf	1	Project Manager
gmatrix	svendev	0	Developer
gmatyi	formhammer	0	Developer
gmc444	elj	0	Developer
gmc444	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
gmcsw3	radis3	1	No specific role
gmega	jadaptiveforms	1	No specific role
gmega	phpeclipse	0	Developer
gmelquio	boost	0	Developer
gmerize	pep-pp	1	Developer
gmeyer1604	providers	1	No specific role
gmeyer1604	xkins	1	No specific role
gmolleda	facturalux	0	No specific role
gmoran-pentaho	jfreereport	1	Distributor/Promoter
gmpff	s3fc	0	No specific role
gmt2001	vprog	1	All-Hands Person
gmur	jrmtool	1	Developer
gneug	bcusdk	0	Project Manager
gnfnr	nlist-classes	0	Developer
gnikl	adtools	0	Developer
gnikl	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
gnikl	nlist-classes	1	Developer
gnu-user	uuu	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
gnufied	octave-gtk	0	No specific role
gnuget	gekkoware	0	Developer
gnuknight	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
gnuknight	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
gnumuthu	octave-gtk	1	Developer
goberoi	drjava	0	Developer
god7i11a	pygoldmine	1	Developer
goddex	goddex	1	All-Hands Person
godlikemouse	glm-jsc	1	No specific role
godp	tdbsql	0	Developer
goenner	ltilib	0	Developer
goga	mptn	1	No specific role
goghata	www-sms	0	Developer
goghs	xoops	0	No specific role
gogita	dynarr	0	Developer
gogo1234	silkroad	1	No specific role
gogogadgetscott	phpcodecabinet	0	Developer
goingware	zoolib	1	Developer
golbi	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
goldenhawk	finf	1	Project Manager
golem-42	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
gollwas	smrj	1	No specific role
golsby	rhinoplugins	1	No specific role
golthar	lascos	1	No specific role
gomb	gomba-php	1	No specific role
goneaway	carbonkernel	1	Project Manager
gongminmin	metalib	1	No specific role
gonnot	repoweb	1	No specific role
gonzoua	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
goodcall	tk-mdi	1	All-Hands Person
goodger	docstring	1	Project Manager
goodger	optik	1	Developer
goodger	structuredtext	1	Project Manager
goodtim	libaimvb	1	No specific role
goodtouch	rubycube	1	Developer
googolminex	ritopt	1	Project Manager
gopalakrishna	powerfolder	0	No specific role
gopinath	swang	0	Developer
gopu	linux-xp	0	Developer
goranbacklund	wolfram	1	Developer
gorapid	scripting	0	Tester
gordonshumway	avango	0	No specific role
gorgon007	agentfactory	0	Developer
gorki	azote	0	No specific role
gorn	laptoplinux	1	Developer
gosselin_a	pympy	1	No specific role
gostcoder	rbopensource	0	Developer
gostt	clx-report	0	Developer
gotoless	saltk	1	No specific role
gotow_sf	widestudio	1	Developer
gouaich	mic	1	Project Manager
govirulz	spoony	1	No specific role
govobjdevmaster	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
gowinex	cdt-contrib	0	No specific role
gpalli	comunit	0	Developer
gpapandrea	kaistar	1	Project Manager
gpardini	libgexecutor	1	No specific role
gpaulissen	pldoc	0	No specific role
gpaull	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
gpbartel	concern	0	Developer
gpepe	opensprings	1	Developer
gpiancastelli	fit	0	Developer
gpollice	ebob	0	Project Manager
gpoul	smartcard	1	No specific role
gpulido	facturalux	0	Developer
gquiros	ltilib	0	Developer
gradha	alleg	1	Web Designer
gradha	pyallegro	1	Developer
graemeg	lptk	0	Developer
graemeg	tiopf	1	Developer
grafik	boost	0	Developer
grahamcarlyle	pmock	1	No specific role
grahamd	ose	1	No specific role
grahamk	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
grahammcc	simpl	0	Developer
grail	config-inifiles	1	Developer
gralex1974	qt1l	1	Developer
grandzebu	openbarcodes	1	No specific role
grantd	quesa	1	Developer
grantfin	jbreport	1	No specific role
granvil	elisa	1	Developer
granvil	realpaver	1	No specific role
graphcontrol	graphcontrol	1	No specific role
graphite13	csk	1	Developer
graphyt	jbanana	0	Web Designer
gravelld	senayan	1	No specific role
grayarea	nox	1	Project Manager
gra_moore	grove4j	1	No specific role
gra_moore	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
gra_moore	tmwsi	1	No specific role
greasydaemon	arch4j	1	Developer
greatnorthern	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
greatunknown	phpabstract	1	No specific role
greenbacker	jwords	1	No specific role
greenboxx	phpeclipse	0	Developer
greenfi	qf-utils	0	Developer
greenreaper	vbtablet	1	Developer
greg	pybsddb	1	Developer
greg7224	shadowed	1	Project Manager
gregaryh	sqlfamily	0	Developer
gregc	jedit	0	Developer
gregerohlson	prevalence	1	No specific role
greggwon	napkinlaf	0	Developer
gregh	dachshund	1	Developer
greghmerrill	fontwidget	1	No specific role
greghmerrill	jedit	0	No specific role
gregluck	jbenchmark	1	No specific role
gregm	pmw	1	No specific role
gregm	xmon	1	No specific role
gregor42	cjan	1	Analysis / Design
gregorypierce	gotjava	0	Developer
gregorypierce	java-game-lib	0	Developer
gregoryrbaker	golib	1	Developer
greg_lindstrom	pyrecord	1	No specific role
grellin	avalanchegdk	1	Project Manager
grendizerufo	wgfdirectx	1	No specific role
grenoml	basicportal	0	No specific role
grenzi_r	jcl	0	Developer
grenzi_r	jvcl	0	Developer
gressett	gnavi	0	Developer
greven	cdx	0	Developer
greydrizzle	xmliter	1	No specific role
greyhair	xoops	0	Developer
greyhame	bekaffe	0	No specific role
greythorn	cdjlib	1	Developer
grigorij	yafumle	1	Developer
grimdel	pixcon	1	No specific role
grimicus	cpolib	1	Developer
grimreaper777	cubeb	1	No specific role
grimsell	perspective	1	No specific role
grisu	phpdocserver	1	No specific role
grnmn	agkit	1	No specific role
grnull	stringsearch	1	No specific role
groboclown	inform-warez	1	Project Manager
grochart	choco	1	Developer
groff	webtester	1	Project Manager
groffj	treepool	1	No specific role
groliffe	opengc	0	Developer
gronagor	questnuke	0	Developer
gros	gridarta	0	Developer
grove	tmapi	0	Developer
grprakash	googlipse	1	All-Hands Person
gruban	wabajump	1	Project Manager
gruvers	struts	0	Tester
gsaffell	jedit	0	Developer
gsaielli	calleridsuite	1	No specific role
gsaielli	easywhois	1	No specific role
gscacco	mstockfl	1	No specific role
gserack	scide	1	No specific role
gserack	scintilla	0	Developer
gsergiu	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
gshort	libqpro	1	No specific role
gslender	holongate	0	Developer
gstampfel	borgworx	0	No specific role
gstarrett	xmdt	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gstarrett	xoops	0	Developer
gstewart4	osage	1	No specific role
gstover	giggle	1	No specific role
gstuart	cosi-dot-net	1	Project Manager
gsutter	openpackages	1	Project Manager
gt78	jasperreports	0	Developer
gthyni	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
gtk-server	gtk-server	1	No specific role
gtokas	cdx10	0	Developer
gtokas	wgfdirectx	0	Developer
gtonic	phpeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
gualo	jhotdraw	0	Developer
gudujarlson	mjp	1	No specific role
guen	syspect	0	Developer
gufyy	xoops	0	Developer
gugou	blake	0	Developer
guich	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
guiheneuf	extendamac	0	Developer
guilazzari	holo	0	Developer
guilharj	luaeclipse	1	Project Manager
guill	elsa	1	Project Manager
guill	gasta	1	No specific role
guillermocalvo	j2mefs	1	No specific role
guiremach	umlsculptor	0	Developer
gulfsoft	gulfsoft	1	No specific role
gumbo	simlink	1	No specific role
gunaaditya	hermesweb	0	Developer
gunboat	struts	0	Developer
gundrum	extendamac	1	Project Manager
gunduz	webserviceedu	1	Developer
gunner	umlsculptor	1	Project Manager
gunnicom	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
gursoybu	trperl	1	No specific role
gurumuhk	ngsdk	1	Project Manager
gurun	sharky	1	No specific role
gururamnath	myorders	1	Project Manager
gururamnath	wxdsgn	1	Developer
guru_d	whitespaceide	1	Developer
guru_greg	unitest	1	No specific role
gusarov	libssh2	0	Developer
gustafson	posixtest	0	Project Manager
gustau	bugzilla-ca	1	No specific role
gustavobt	g-socks	1	No specific role
gustavodaud	pngdelphi	1	Developer
gustavo_amigo	ajax-pages	1	No specific role
guster_q	osdldbt	0	Developer
gustin	gtkextramm	1	Developer
gus_shaffer	gsk	0	No specific role
gute	sodaconfig	0	Web Designer
guusbosman	javaconfig	1	No specific role
guw	swat	0	Developer
guyb	absolutex	0	No specific role
guyblade	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
guyg42	trmi	1	No specific role
guylukes	cweb	1	Developer
guymahieu	xoops	0	Developer
guyou	cflow2vcg	1	Project Manager
guyou	opensched	1	Project Manager
guypes	vbisam	0	Developer
guy_arieli	jsystemtest	1	No specific role
gval	symtree	1	No specific role
gvandyk	impi	1	No specific role
gvandyk	pbof	1	No specific role
gvdinesh	xdoclet-ui	1	No specific role
gvdlooi	flow	1	Project Manager
gvelo	jasf	1	No specific role
gvtjongahung	gekkoware	0	Developer
gwapojoe2002	fbcommunity	0	Developer
gward	optik	1	Project Manager
gwardell	uopl	0	Developer
gwd1	gausssoft	0	No specific role
gweakliem	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
gwhemming	j2me-microgui	0	Developer
gwpowell	boost	0	Developer
gwtoolkit	gwtoolkit	1	No specific role
gwynevans	wicket	1	Content Management
gybenoit	legum	1	No specific role
gyunaev	libircclient	1	All-Hands Person
gzzz	bsframework	1	Project Manager
g_braad	pythonnet	0	Developer
g_braad	xython	1	No specific role
g_karthikeya	elab	1	No specific role
g_richaud	choco	0	Developer
g_skronn	lroa	1	No specific role
g_toastman	phpunitcookbook	1	No specific role
h2g	weta	0	No specific role
h2o	cayenne	0	Developer
h3avyarms	avrcalc	1	No specific role
h4u70	situr	1	No specific role
h4vard	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
haakonfs	xradar	0	Developer
habacker	qtwin	1	Project Manager
haberrecker	vipsi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
habitaire	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
hachi	poe	0	Developer
hackebeil20	paklib	1	No specific role
hacker-one	cellautomatalib	1	No specific role
hackerdan	etinytools	1	No specific role
hackerdan	pdetools	1	No specific role
hadan	openshore	0	Developer
haddons	cfiframe	1	Project Manager
hadeg	lbs	0	Developer
hadess	gstreamer	0	Developer
hadrien	choco	1	Developer
haehnel	ltilib	0	Developer
haelias	jajppd	1	No specific role
hafiz_a	nfit	0	Developer
haggpe	gunit	1	No specific role
hahe	cdjlib	0	Developer
hai-zaar	libbash	1	No specific role
haible	clocc	0	No specific role
haible	libsigsegv	1	No specific role
hainey	smartui	1	Project Manager
haipeng	xpweb	0	No specific role
hairytroll	lispbuilder	0	Developer
hajokirchhoff	litwindow	1	No specific role
hajokirchhoff	setl	1	No specific role
hajvan	tdbsql	0	Unix Admin
hakandilek	source2source	0	Developer
hakanj	viperide	1	Developer
hakova	gnu-tr	0	Developer
hakukaji	phpdynatree	0	Developer
haky	ide4db	1	No specific role
hal0zer0	lmss	1	No specific role
halaszvari	libcconf	1	No specific role
halleck2	remotecalendars	0	Developer
hallvar	twebs	1	No specific role
hallvard	xswt	0	Developer
halo09	uma	1	Project Manager
halset	cayenne	0	Developer
halstefa	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
halt1983	rhaco	0	Developer
hal__	jworkfloweditor	1	No specific role
hambo_account	hambo	0	No specific role
hamburgler	fear	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
hamgert	cfiframe	1	No specific role
hamgert	jcetaglib	1	No specific role
hamister	sdfserver	1	No specific role
hamletc1602	xmlout	0	Developer
hammondhui	powerfolder	0	Developer
hampelratte	yajil	1	Developer
hanbingxie	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
hangal	diduce	1	No specific role
hangster	c-y-a	0	Developer
hannonhill	phpeclipse	1	Web Designer
hannootje	sparqlviz	1	Developer
hanomalia	phpmanticore	1	No specific role
hanseno	threads	1	Project Manager
hansfn	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hansiglaser	gtkpas	1	No specific role
hansjhaase	wbhelpproject	1	No specific role
hansvandrunen	webserviceedu	1	Project Manager
hansvl	wxguide	0	Developer
hans_van_dam	voicecode	0	Developer
hantek	cdk	0	Developer
hanus	dbcdom	1	No specific role
hanzz	amorph	1	No specific role
hanzz	joffad	1	Developer
hao	libtabe	0	No specific role
hao_wu00	jlm	1	Project Manager
hap0	qtwin	0	No specific role
happybilly	mase	0	No specific role
happytewf	umldot	0	Developer
happytoad	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
haqwin	tomcatide	1	Graphic/Other Designer
haralambiev	pranka	1	Unix Admin
harald_meyer	wxnet	0	Developer
hardcoded	pythonnet	0	Developer
hardlife	mxf	1	Developer
hardywoody	jwoody	1	No specific role
hargettp	jpm	1	No specific role
hariet	f2f	1	Project Manager
harimk12	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
harin	wavelet	0	Developer
harishkswamy	myworkspace	1	No specific role
harkema	log4cpp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
harkins	chiphpug	0	Developer
harlan	openpackages	0	Developer
harleymp	mp-plugins	0	Developer
harmacy	arenalauncher	1	No specific role
harmeister	synedit	1	Project Manager
harminder	mase	0	No specific role
harnett	lbs	0	Developer
harq_al_ada	ga-lib	1	Developer
harre	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
harryj	vietpali	1	Developer
harryo	clxmlserial	0	Developer
harryrat	xclass	1	No specific role
harry_evans	xorm	1	Developer
harry_zhurov	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
harshy	librendevous	0	Developer
hartig	kxmleditor	0	Developer
hartnalk	commsvcfw	0	Developer
hartner	lbs	0	Developer
hartwork	libspiff	1	Project Manager
haruis	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
haruyama	coderidge	1	Developer
harvinderg	daffodilnet	0	Developer
harvok	vivaphp	1	No specific role
has207	xoops	0	Developer
haslup	openpjb	0	Developer
hatimk	atgeclipse	1	No specific role
hatimk	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
haui	javaparty	1	Developer
hauptman_n	rendertech	1	No specific role
haussf	a-s-m	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
haustein	kxml	1	No specific role
haustein	xfap	1	No specific role
havonte	dukebot	1	No specific role
hawk78	fann	0	Developer
hawk78	ltilib	0	Developer
hawkins0	metapersist	1	No specific role
hazeta	dotgrid	0	Developer
hbabcock	aquaterm	0	Developer
hbaxmann	moonshadow	1	Analysis / Design
hbomboes	ajaxstream	1	No specific role
hbosshard	form4j	0	No specific role
hboutemy	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
hbro	newsclass	1	No specific role
hbs	cserver	1	Project Manager
hbsongwz	jakarta-k	0	Developer
hcayless	epidoc	1	Project Manager
hcdaume3	hfl	0	Developer
hchacha	jsh	0	Developer
hconceicao	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
hdalis	delphisci	1	Project Manager
hdalis	ocs-comps	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpapro	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpaproclx	0	Developer
hdanzl	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpsystools	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
hdanzl	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
hdeo	rtpdemo	1	Developer
hdlim	synedit	0	No specific role
headpigeons	cppdoc	1	No specific role
headpigeons	jcounter	1	No specific role
heartogold	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
heathm	velcro	1	Project Manager
heavenfighter	jupdate	0	Developer
heavenzen	rforge	1	No specific role
hebertjo	cdx	0	Developer
hec	hfx	1	No specific role
hectorcaban	codesourceproj	1	No specific role
hectorgarzon	jbanana	0	No specific role
heder	eprog	1	Developer
hedrik	jmmcms	1	All-Hands Person
heicom	cute	1	Developer
heikoh	zipios	0	Developer
heiko_folkerts	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
heiko_wolf	cassandra	1	Project Manager
heinkel	pdk	1	Project Manager
heinzz	jvcl	0	Developer
heldersuzuki	freeflash	0	Developer
helge5	libfoundation	1	No specific role
helgy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
hellayena	japhpadoc	0	Developer
hellblazer14	fury2	0	Developer
helldisplay	moch	1	No specific role
hellfeuer	searchmonkey	0	Developer
hellmasterita	taskman	1	No specific role
hellofsteel	webzap	0	Developer
hellonnet00	mysql32dll	1	No specific role
helmantel	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
helmut_stoick	cassandra	0	Developer
helver	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
hemkond	e4graph	0	Developer
henblo	comunit	0	Developer
hendrik-speck	pushex	0	Developer
hendriks73	ideajad	1	No specific role
hendriks73	tagtraum-jo	1	No specific role
henemer	xhgtk	0	Developer
hener	jesstab	1	No specific role
hengels	concern	1	No specific role
hengels	smartcc	1	No specific role
hengels	xcool	1	No specific role
henkhessel	lvdevtools	0	Developer
henrag	midway	0	All-Hands Person
henrichen	zk1	1	Developer
henrikreinhold	ivyplugins	0	Developer
henrimuurimaa	millstone	0	Tester
henri_tremblay	easymock	0	No specific role
henrycav	hermesweb	0	Tester
henrykorol	omtoolbox	1	All-Hands Person
henryn73	configmanager	1	No specific role
hensleyl	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
heraldo	pragmatico	1	Project Manager
herbert	wavelet	1	No specific role
herblover	jakarta-k	0	Developer
herbr	maverick	0	No specific role
herbyderby	freemarker	0	No specific role
herbyderby	javapng	1	Developer
hereska	qtas	1	No specific role
herkocoomans	xmdt	1	Project Manager
herkocoomans	xoops	0	Distributor/Promoter
herman74	jxpfw	0	Developer
hermosoft	hedit	1	No specific role
herrn	lagoony	1	Developer
herrold	bayonne	0	No specific role
herros	javawebparts	1	Developer
hertzhaft	jedit	0	Developer
hervebronnimann	boost	0	Developer
herzi	gnome-gcj	1	Developer
herzi	moleskine	0	Developer
heschulz	openshore	1	Project Manager
heuermh	joda-primitives	0	Developer
heuermh	stax	1	Developer
heuermh	vocabulary	1	No specific role
hevad57	boost	0	Developer
hevi	hevi	1	No specific role
hex-dump	fepy	0	No specific role
hexamon	penub	0	Developer
hexasoft	fnccheck	1	Developer
hexmasta	allianceless	0	Developer
hexmode	xmlxslt	1	No specific role
hey	elj	0	Developer
hey	elj-win32	0	Developer
hey	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
heydan	pythoncard	1	No specific role
hey_martini	log4cplus	0	Developer
hfastedge	lj-xmltlib	1	No specific role
hfettig	ogpm	0	Developer
hfettig	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
hfiguiere	libcwk	1	No specific role
hfp	ximol	1	Developer
hfrequency	snap	0	Developer
hfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
hfrieden	clib2	0	No specific role
hfrieden	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
hgeldenhuys	impi	0	Developer
hgeldenhuys	pbof	0	Developer
hgottfried	webx	0	Developer
hgraefe	jcapi	1	No specific role
hhaas	jpivot	0	No specific role
hhabermann	m23	1	No specific role
hhariri	internetdirect	1	No specific role
hhas	appscript	1	No specific role
hhonisch	crystaledit	1	No specific role
hib	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
hiebel	unpic	0	Developer
hierarchicalmap	hierarchicalmap	1	No specific role
hieuhn	tonkin	1	Project Manager
highway	winfessor-test	0	Developer
highway	winfessor-trace	0	Developer
higorcoelho	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
hime	fltk	0	Developer
hinnerup	waf	1	No specific role
hipparchus2001	xmlprog	1	No specific role
hippe	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
hirabays	widestudio	1	Developer
hirbel	xinity	0	No specific role
hirion	netpp	1	No specific role
hirotoyu	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hiro_hiro	tracide	1	No specific role
hirsu	dbhelper	1	No specific role
hirsu	qat	0	Doc Writer
hisa	rubycocoa	1	Developer
hisaboh	rhaco	0	Developer
hiscapness	fxutility	0	Developer
hiscapness	wxtl	0	Developer
hisfurness	problomatic	0	No specific role
hivemynd	smoothiemods	0	Developer
hjawaid	jaad	1	No specific role
hjawaid	jamsel	1	No specific role
hjawaid	messageforge	1	No specific role
hjelmn	libusb	0	Developer
hjertnes	pynotesys	1	No specific role
hjmjohnson	annie	0	Developer
hjmjohnson	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
hkaiser	boost	0	Developer
hkiemes	tagsearch	1	No specific role
hkleo	javareview	1	No specific role
hkolenda	mase	0	No specific role
hkollmann	jdbforms	1	Developer
hlapp	db-connection	1	No specific role
hlellelid	binarycloud	0	No specific role
hliendo	objectbase	1	Project Manager
hlinder	lbs	0	Developer
hmiplar	onejvm	0	No specific role
hmullens	cadkit	0	Developer
hmunoz	ai-standards	0	Developer
hnaves	debiancell	0	Developer
hnl_dk	gtk-amiga	1	Project Manager
hoagie6	ctms	1	Project Manager
hoangvv	tonkin	1	Project Manager
hobb0001	candygram	1	No specific role
hobbs	expect	1	No specific role
hobbs	isqltcl	1	No specific role
hobbs	tclodbc	1	No specific role
hobbs	tkcon	1	No specific role
hobbs	tkgs	1	No specific role
hobbs	tktable	1	No specific role
hobbs	tktreectrl	1	No specific role
hobbs	tls	1	No specific role
hobbs2	expect	0	No specific role
hobbs2	tktreectrl	0	No specific role
hobbs2	tls	0	No specific role
hochhold	mca2	0	Developer
hocngo	vietpali	1	No specific role
hoehrmann	tidy	1	Developer
hoehrmann	uninorm	1	No specific role
hoenicke	jode	1	No specific role
hoesterholt	schematics	0	No specific role
hogend	rpy	0	Developer
hogi	conxult	1	Project Manager
hogie	backpedal	1	No specific role
hogie	jgt	1	No specific role
hogie	jhotdraw	0	Developer
hohehohe2	kerama	1	Developer
hojbjerg	openqnx	0	Developer
hojtsy	upp	1	Web Designer
holczhammer	root123dummy	1	Developer
holderhek	epte	1	No specific role
holding-account	class-suite	1	No specific role
holgermayer	jeremia	1	Project Manager
holje	phptmapi	1	No specific role
hollifm	code-x	0	Developer
hollstegge	neutrino-php	1	No specific role
holobender	pmd	0	Developer
holywombat	prass	0	Developer
homehub	myion-osgi	1	No specific role
homework	strg-c	0	Developer
hommih	mjdf	1	No specific role
hongli	arpix	1	Project Manager
hongli	dev-cpp	0	Developer
hongtab	jakarta-k	0	Developer
honksbot	syspect	0	Developer
honma	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hontes	cool	0	All-Hands Person
hoop33	eclipselaunch	1	No specific role
hooperbloob	pmd	0	Developer
hootan_n	javaforms	0	Developer
hopes	perl-es	1	No specific role
hops1	cscope	0	Developer
horakdan	dbdesign	1	No specific role
horstnaujoks	quicklaunch	1	No specific role
horvathsm	clrunner	1	No specific role
hotcakesnz	virtualproject	1	No specific role
hotgazpacho	hgfw	1	No specific role
hotjo	viewklass	0	Developer
hot_sleeper	nymm-genn	1	No specific role
houchang	gcsf	0	Developer
housisong	gill	1	Developer
hovik	ptypes	1	Developer
howardsp	bwbunit	1	No specific role
hperaza	xclass	1	No specific role
hplusplus	utplsql	0	Developer
hpmad	toaster	0	No specific role
hptraub	values4j	1	No specific role
hpxchan	jet-pms	0	No specific role
hrasko	met	0	Developer
hrbrmstr	betabrite	1	No specific role
hrgdavor	anno-params	1	No specific role
hrgdavor	multi-tapestry	1	No specific role
hritcu	mpnt	1	Developer
hryczuk	graphil	1	Developer
hsalazar	xoops	0	Doc Writer
hsc	kea	0	Developer
hschlen	phost-contrib	0	Developer
hschober	boost	0	Editorial/Content Writer
hseeberger	ajeer	0	Developer
hsekiguchi	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
hship	gropt	1	No specific role
hship	tapestry	1	Developer
hship	wafer	0	Developer
hsienkie	otsfrfleetmgmt	1	No specific role
hsoares	prevayler	0	Developer
hsprabhu	afterthought	0	Developer
hstokset	alleg	0	Developer
hstraub	sockstream	0	Developer
hswing	hswing	1	No specific role
htgoebel	pycalendar	1	No specific role
hthouzard	xfr	1	Developer
hthouzard	xoops	0	Developer
htrd	bytecodehacks	0	No specific role
huangt	kea	1	No specific role
huascar80	joone	0	Developer
hubble	ibaccess	0	No specific role
hubert_holin	boost	0	Developer
huceke	free-xdk	1	Developer
huckster-rus	hwslib	1	No specific role
huebsch	billutil	1	No specific role
huesserp	jedimath	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
huftis	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hugeeuge	c-y-a	0	Developer
hughleat	junitscript	1	No specific role
hugo303	check	1	Project Manager
hugogarcia	fit	0	Developer
hugopalma	spindle	0	Developer
hugo_ai	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
hugo_pl	lightforms	0	Developer
huhu71	kea	0	Developer
huihammond	powerfolder	0	Developer
humano2	humano2	0	Developer
hun	libusb	0	Developer
hungryangus	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
huntc	javapdi	1	No specific role
huston	beepcore-c	1	Project Manager
huston	beepcore-java	1	No specific role
huston	beepcore-tcl	0	Developer
huw12345	jhotdraw	0	Developer
huxoll	bus	0	Developer
huxoll	iplib	1	Project Manager
huyd	poolit	1	No specific role
huyd	suit	1	No specific role
hvline	eng3dleveled	1	No specific role
hvr	gtkmm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
hvr	libsigc	0	No specific role
hwaechtler	mesa3d	0	Developer
hwahrmann	mp-plugins	1	Project Manager
hwanjin	scim	0	Developer
hwiechers	countlines-py	1	Developer
hwinship	basicportal	0	No specific role
hwmeder	qcijutils	1	Developer
hybrid	irrlicht	0	Developer
hyperpod	xoops	0	Developer
hypologician	pattern	0	No specific role
hywen	hywen	1	No specific role
hzeller	concern	0	Developer
hzeller	cplusplus	0	Developer
hzeller	java-readline	1	No specific role
hzeller	xmlapi	0	Developer
hzol	sscl	0	No specific role
h_malhot	pokea	0	No specific role
h_punt	ctypes	0	No specific role
h_punt	venster	1	No specific role
h_trevisan	perl-oak	0	Developer
h_wilkinson	chalten	1	No specific role
i90410	ocibc	1	No specific role
iae	jazz	1	Developer
iaindb	qscada	1	Unix Admin
iainmcgin	uceditor	1	Project Manager
iaintat	xmlxslt	0	Developer
iakovz	phontonmm	1	No specific role
ialkan	activelock	1	Project Manager
iamaphpfreak	cosf	0	Developer
iamfraggle	vcf	0	Developer
iamkeke	xconsole	1	No specific role
ianare	exif-py	1	No specific role
ianbicking	formencode	1	No specific role
ianculling	v1-vs-addin	1	No specific role
iandrosov	activegrid	0	No specific role
ianglover	schematics	1	Project Manager
iangm	wsal	1	No specific role
ianibbo	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
ianmills	publictest	1	No specific role
iantomey	eccles	1	No specific role
ianuti	gitk	0	Developer
ian_macfarlane	htmlparser	0	Developer
iapain007	miniserver	0	Developer
iasandcb	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
iavila	csbi	0	Developer
ibirrer	xweaver	1	Project Manager
ibondre	japic	1	No specific role
ibottero	objectbase	0	No specific role
ibrahimov	jsonifier	1	No specific role
iceboyy	jdbase	0	Developer
iceh	freescope	0	Developer
icelus	greenfinch	1	No specific role
icemanx169	linecount	1	No specific role
icepick	libzstr	1	No specific role
icepick	libzutil	1	No specific role
icmf3	perlforjava	1	Developer
icoba	jic	1	No specific role
icruz	alleg	0	Developer
ict123	vfreeproject	0	Developer
icthux	ptclanserver	0	Developer
icurafu	umlaide	1	No specific role
idanso	sstorm	1	Project Manager
iddycol	id-validate	1	Project Manager
iddytwo	id-validate	0	Developer
ideabrooder	amylase	1	Developer
ideabrooder	servletstudio	1	Developer
ideasculptor	tacos	0	Developer
ideras	ofc	0	Developer
idevelopment	jglse	1	No specific role
idlsoft	springnet	0	No specific role
idr	mesa3d	0	Developer
idra	arpix	1	Developer
idsl2_software	idsl2fd	1	No specific role
idub	foxserv	0	No specific role
idueppe	ejosa	1	Developer
idumali	digi	1	Analysis / Design
idumali	penub	1	Developer
ieure	wsre	1	Developer
ievlev	colorifer	1	No specific role
ievlev	ndk-xx	1	Developer
iezzip	sourdough	1	No specific role
ifolmedo	easyconf	0	No specific role
iga	jmichelle	1	No specific role
iga	jssaver	1	No specific role
igarcerant	stdkit	1	No specific role
igaztanaga	boost	0	Developer
igb_ppp	kidbasic	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
igloo	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
ignatich	raptorplatform	0	Developer
ignrod	framelauncher	1	No specific role
igorfoox	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
igorgatis	mhpbox	1	Project Manager
igors	gotjava	0	Developer
igorvonfassen	patchwork13	0	Developer
igor_mikhailov	injectobject	1	No specific role
igouy	packages	0	No specific role
igra	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
igx89	fhgep	1	Developer
ihab	favabeans	1	No specific role
ihaggard	iplib	0	Developer
iharbeck	strutter	1	Project Manager
iherwig	treecomp	0	Developer
ihewson	jedit	0	Developer
ihex	hhex-hutil	1	No specific role
ihv	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
ijadb	rabbitdev	1	Developer
ijeffray	riscos-constant	0	Developer
ijones	haskell-libs	1	No specific role
ikegamidaisuke	agda	1	Developer
ikesen	pisibul	0	Developer
ikestrel	onejvm	1	Project Manager
ikingifl	v2d	0	Doc Writer
ikkala76	dbhelper	0	No specific role
ikogan	flasm	1	Developer
ikore	ikore	1	No specific role
ikotenkov	xmlclipse	1	No specific role
ikunin	jxmlguibuilder	1	Developer
ikuoikuo	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
ik_5	ikhebtools-fpc	1	Project Manager
ilaria	epidoc	0	No specific role
ildar	os-development	1	No specific role
ilgici	gnu-tr	0	Developer
ilgizar	umds	1	Project Manager
ilits	ajax	0	Developer
ilits	luxor-xul	0	Developer
ilits	petra	0	Developer
ilja_iwas	autograf	1	Project Manager
ilja_iwas	docoabrowser	1	No specific role
ilker_aksen	etool	1	Project Manager
illsorted	nspring	0	Developer
illume	pysoftwire	1	No specific role
illusina	mojavi	1	Project Manager
ilmcuts	lssdk	1	Project Manager
ilmyggo	bossxo	1	Project Manager
ilyasia	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
il_santo	xsljoke	1	No specific role
imacit	gnu-tr	0	Developer
imaman	boost	0	Developer
imaman	maple	1	No specific role
imbe	itcllib	0	No specific role
imerani	nachocalendar	1	No specific role
imfree	jedit	0	Developer
imhussachai	simple-dbqm	1	No specific role
imikejackson	cadkit	1	Developer
imipak	freefilm	1	Project Manager
imipak	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
imipak	mhash	1	Project Manager
immanuel	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
immars	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
immersion3	fsdevelopment	1	No specific role
immute	poe	0	Developer
imotic	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
imperator5	esw	1	Developer
improb	geckoplugin	0	Developer
in-fke	phpbt	0	Developer
inaky	posixtest	0	Developer
inan	libmcal	0	No specific role
indeyets	faerion	0	Developer
indeyets	win32objc	0	All-Hands Person
indiangeek	xoops	0	Developer
indigo_sunrise	omegaengine	0	Developer
indraneil	spellbound-java	1	No specific role
inducer	ixlib	1	No specific role
indukumar	ikcommons	1	No specific role
indukumar	xtremesuite	0	Developer
indyr5k	keasprjmngr	1	Developer
ineo	spyderontheweb	1	No specific role
inequation	q3mass	1	All-Hands Person
inerte	inseasd	1	No specific role
inertia186	msapi	1	No specific role
inertia186	msuapi	1	Developer
inexplicable	agentfactory	0	Developer
infidel	ctypes	0	Developer
infofred	jvcl	0	Developer
infogest	jwe	1	Project Manager
infojunkie84	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
infosci	spinapps	1	No specific role
infosecpolice	opendhtmlspy	0	Project Manager
inful	kgb	1	Developer
ingorichter	launcheclipse	1	No specific role
ingosax	jarch	1	No specific role
ingo_thomas	ebnf	1	No specific role
ingraldi	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
ingrid	cdjlib	0	Developer
ingvarp	mimerpm	0	Developer
inigoserrano	isvalidator	1	Project Manager
initself	www-sms	0	Developer
injektilo	nester	1	Developer
injektilo	xmarks	1	No specific role
injektilo	xsltsl	0	Developer
inkenr	quaterback-jcc	0	No specific role
inkredibl	eclipse-ddt	1	No specific role
innnnate	mainejug	0	Developer
inolik	ftp4net	1	No specific role
inolik	hfc4net	1	No specific role
inolik	jconfd	0	Developer
inovick	ccull	1	No specific role
inowland	commentreflower	1	No specific role
inqbus	phlxr	0	Web Designer
insanemind	codename-alex	0	Developer
instance	ambitcomponents	1	No specific role
instinc	asmcrew	1	No specific role
instinc	uuu	1	All-Hands Person
int-0	sdl4fp	0	Developer
int32	prima-p5	1	No specific role
intacto	pintact	1	No specific role
intavg	filecanner	1	No specific role
intavg	zippar	0	Web Designer
integraas	reportbuilder	1	No specific role
interpro	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
intervent	aselib	1	No specific role
intmain	cppdevedit	1	No specific role
intmain	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
inviscid	akorn	1	Project Manager
invision-	queried	0	Developer
inwe	concentre-xml	0	No specific role
ioana_boureanu	mpnt	0	No specific role
iogui	ioguigrid	1	No specific role
iolalla	jcrontab	1	Project Manager
iolalla	jedit	0	No specific role
iolotusbobo	algosatfreenode	1	Project Manager
ionathan	agentacademy	0	Developer
ionflux	iftools	1	Project Manager
ionutned	jasperreports	0	Developer
ioodints	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
iotter	dependometer	0	Developer
iotter	juca	1	Project Manager
iotter	load4j	1	No specific role
iovka	groove	0	Developer
ip80	shwow-ide	1	No specific role
ipojman	ln2	0	Developer
iporres	smwscw	1	Project Manager
ipreuss	jdemo	0	No specific role
ipreuss	jfcfixtures	1	Project Manager
ipreuss	xhtmlunit	1	Developer
ipriha	tammi	1	Developer
ipso	phpgacl	1	No specific role
ipwizard	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
iq-0	fb-fenix	1	No specific role
iracerx	nteam	0	Developer
iraf	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ircturk	turkdrop	1	No specific role
irenelo	umlvm	0	No specific role
irfanb	open-top	0	Developer
irfanhab	qtmd5summer	1	No specific role
irjudson	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
irl2dvolaw	comconbre	1	No specific role
irl_chris	mcrypt	0	Developer
irmen	snakelets	1	No specific role
irmo28	ilabs	0	Project Manager
irmtfan	xoops	0	Developer
ironrobin	devproject	0	Developer
irperez	cgewrapper	1	Project Manager
irrlicht	irrlicht	1	No specific role
irvazquez	comxmlrpc	1	No specific role
irvazquez	pysnort	1	No specific role
irvingd	commsvcfw	1	No specific role
isa1	umldot	0	Developer
isaac32767	doxygen	0	Web Designer
isaacbob	a-s-m	0	Developer
isaaccp	facturalux	0	Developer
isaac_golding	foxserv	0	Developer
isaac_golding	postnukedevpack	1	All-Hands Person
isadovskiy	as2lib	0	Developer
isarsu	ejosa	0	Developer
iscariot	htmlssm	1	Project Manager
iscux	pscux	1	No specific role
isdhir	carbon	0	Developer
isemenov	wtl	0	No specific role
isglass	mgdk	1	No specific role
ish007	xmlopenstudio	1	No specific role
ishabalov	struts-jdo	1	Project Manager
ishai	unitee	1	Unix Admin
ishido	bahur	1	No specific role
ishnid	agentfactory	1	Developer
isidore_usa	quantum	0	Developer
isokabal	awg-scheme-libs	1	No specific role
isoman	xrun	0	Web Designer
isotop_	ircontrol	1	No specific role
ispeters	jscyther	1	No specific role
ispeters	sydney	1	No specific role
issac	db-objects	1	No specific role
istan	cdx	1	Project Manager
istari2002	fistech	1	No specific role
istex	fastform	0	Developer
itakenami	hurricane-phpfw	1	No specific role
italobb	informa	0	Developer
itamar	pybsddb	0	Developer
itamarc	perl-oak	0	Developer
itandetnik	wtl	0	Developer
iter	saxpath	0	Developer
iterson	javamatch	1	No specific role
ithinkergoiam	smp4linux	1	No specific role
itility	nxplanner	0	Developer
itix	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
its-a-me-mario	ppi	0	Web Designer
itubert	annocpan	1	No specific role
it_xmb	xmbhacksportal	1	Developer
iunknown01	andlu	1	No specific role
iusr	spring-ns	1	Developer
iutin	phpskel	1	Project Manager
iv-ans1	ivlayer	0	Developer
iv-cap1	hcssdk	1	Project Manager
iv-cap1	ivlayer	1	Project Manager
iv-cap1	wxagent	1	Project Manager
iv-cap1	wxex	1	Project Manager
iv-cap1	wxscript	1	Project Manager
iv-har1	ivlayer	0	Developer
ivanfm	jdbforms	0	Developer
ivangum	prograde	0	No specific role
ivanwhirix	phpskel	0	Developer
ivanyukovich	zaval0000	1	Project Manager
ivanyukovich	zaval0003	1	No specific role
ivanyukovich	zaval0005	1	No specific role
ivanyukovich	zaval0006	1	No specific role
ivan_markov	swtfox	1	No specific role
ivan_ra	jvcl	0	Developer
ivan_r_moore	condenser	1	No specific role
ivan_r_moore	jester	1	Project Manager
ivan_r_moore	selfguru	1	No specific role
ivan_r_moore	uberunit	1	No specific role
ivan_zderadicka	cscodedomparser	1	No specific role
ivarabon	phptmapi	0	Developer
ivaradi	vju	1	No specific role
ivarch	fm-submit	1	No specific role
ivarch	urqm	1	No specific role
ivaynberg	wicket	1	Developer
ivazquezabrams	python4c	1	All-Hands Person
ivdkleyn	marshallingyard	1	No specific role
ivelin	aft	0	No specific role
iver14	gekkoware	0	Developer
iver_2435	xoops	0	Developer
ivnik	emaria	0	No specific role
iwache	dwpl	1	Project Manager
iwaim	template-viewer	0	Developer
iwh	daboss	1	Developer
iwilloug	open-arm	0	Developer
iwow	bcusdk	0	Developer
ixti	errorsystem	0	Developer
iyermanoj	ltp	0	All-Hands Person
iype	jpolls	0	Developer
izaquar	xccnode	1	Developer
izekia	onestools	1	No specific role
i_cohen	internetdirect	0	Developer
i_vern	jazz	1	No specific role
j-pimp	sanctum	0	Developer
j-wicz	omtoolbox	0	Developer
j00z	pas	0	Developer
j2payton	lime2	1	Developer
j3nda	onscenedialog	1	No specific role
jaalto	tiny-tools	1	Project Manager
jaaron_farr	gotjava	0	Developer
jaaron_farr	jadetower	1	No specific role
jabam	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	No specific role
jabberbeak	pureinteraction	1	No specific role
jabelardo	vcf	0	Developer
jaben	synedit	0	No specific role
jabeynon	wireframetool	0	Developer
jaccobikker	mobilecore	1	No specific role
jace303	xoops	0	Developer
jacek_s	lefthand	1	Project Manager
jack404	xoops	0	Developer
jackal1100	bitxml	1	No specific role
jackerm	jeenius	1	No specific role
jackerm	jporta	1	No specific role
jackh	jroseviewer	1	Project Manager
jackiy	light	1	Developer
jackjansen	pyobjc	0	Developer
jackknifebarber	tjdo	1	Developer
jackpark	grove4j	0	Developer
jackpark	pdkb	0	No specific role
jackslade	astrogrep	1	Developer
jacksonpd	jpivot	0	No specific role
jack_herrington	jeldoclet	1	Developer
jacmorel	xplanner	1	Project Manager
jacob.costa	elips	0	Developer
jacobdp	trvm	1	Project Manager
jacobhammond	zztpp	0	Developer
jacobk	prevayler	0	Developer
jacobrhoden	csv2xml	1	No specific role
jacobsuraj	living	1	No specific role
jade	picalog	1	No specific role
jade6	jdi	1	No specific role
jadnet	epms	1	No specific role
jae	objective-gtk	1	No specific role
jafl	ctags	0	No specific role
jagoda	mase	0	Developer
jahare	ggt	0	No specific role
jahare	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
jahlonzo	carbonfive	1	No specific role
jaiq	programlama	1	No specific role
jajaja02	anjuta	0	Developer
jajcus	python-ldap	0	Developer
jakacki	pyroe	1	No specific role
jake_phillips	wnetwork	1	No specific role
jakkiedak	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
jakobsf	winrash	0	No specific role
jakobwelner	omtoolbox	1	Project Manager
jakovo	ai-standards	0	No specific role
jakuza	isoj2me	0	Developer
jalal	krefty	1	No specific role
jalberto	clx-report	0	Developer
jaleibiusky	jiraconn	1	Developer
jalessandro	jethro	1	No specific role
jalilv	mano	0	Developer
jalizer	dandra	0	Developer
jamaj	hwgui	0	Developer
jambe2	cpanplus	1	Developer
jamel_hassine	ucmexporter	0	No specific role
james-mitchell	tools4java	1	Project Manager
jamesafj	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
jamesbondpg	phpwe	0	No specific role
jamesfgould	epp-rtk	1	Developer
jamesgan	ehep	0	Developer
jameshoo	hermesweb	0	Developer
jamesk89	coldetdotnet	1	No specific role
jamesp73	jpeeps	1	Developer
jamespalmer	fltk	0	Developer
jamesthom	gnue	1	No specific role
jameswdumay	wxnet	0	Project Manager
jameswil	carbonado	0	Developer
jameswilko	bugstomper	1	Project Manager
james_007_bond	menucracker	1	No specific role
james_angelo	csbi	0	Developer
james_e	codev	0	Developer
james_sf	mp-plugins	1	No specific role
james_smith	droid	0	Developer
jamiemcclelland	basebuilder	1	No specific role
jamorgan	permissionsniff	1	Developer
jamstah	jcookie	0	Developer
jamwyd	aug	0	Developer
jan304	xoops	0	Developer
janapoornavel	easypersistence	0	Developer
janapoornavel	jbpm	0	Developer
jancarlo	xhgtk	0	Developer
jancasper	upp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jandockx	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
jandujar	pands	0	Tester
janelee	jlauncher	0	Doc Writer
janelee	jrealms	0	Developer
janggerang	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
janhefti	scim	0	Doc Writer
janim	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
janis	lbs	0	Developer
janm399	springframework	0	Developer
janmagpet	sweet-swt	0	Developer
janmagpet	xswt	0	Developer
jannehietamaki	wicket	0	Developer
jannejun	schoolmud	1	No specific role
jannelund	cs-school	0	Developer
janni	cdx	0	Developer
jano_gaspar	boost	0	No specific role
janrune	libodbcxx	0	Developer
janschh	dattel	1	Project Manager
janusfury	fury2	1	Project Manager
janusfury	ika	0	Developer
janusfury	tkdev	0	Developer
januszlib	epp-rtk	0	No specific role
jan_berndt	sse	1	No specific role
jan_blok	wicket	0	Developer
jaosch	jfreereport	0	Developer
japayne	sb-agssh	1	No specific role
japh	projectbutler	1	No specific role
japhy	singeltonpool	0	Analysis / Design
japj	clanlib	1	Developer
jappelbaum	bside	0	Developer
jappo	wabclient	1	Project Manager
jarbaby	nagiosappender	1	No specific role
jaredburns	editorlist	1	No specific role
jaredhsieh	jicense	1	No specific role
jarisep	hrclass	1	No specific role
jarnokelanne	millstone	0	Developer
jaron	zeusagent	1	No specific role
jaronson	jxquick	0	No specific role
jas4711	libssh2	0	Developer
jasampler	disposition	1	No specific role
jaschau	acid3lib	1	Project Manager
jasoegaard	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
jason379	flatfour	1	No specific role
jason379	gut	1	Project Manager
jasonbentley	nteam	1	No specific role
jasonbs	drjava	0	Developer
jasongerard	springnet	0	Developer
jasonjudge	xaraya	1	Project Manager
jasonkitty	xmljb	1	No specific role
jasonkl	icalendar	1	Project Manager
jasonlotito	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
jasonlotito	eclipselib	1	No specific role
jasonmr	credits	1	No specific role
jasonpmorrison	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
jasonsackett	brownbag	0	Developer
jasonstracner	featuretracker	1	No specific role
jasonthereaper	h-xoops	1	Developer
jasonw754	cg-phpdoc	1	All-Hands Person
jasonyang9	dosgui	1	No specific role
jason_burgon	dwpl	0	Developer
jason_e_stewart	xmlconf	0	Developer
jason_pratt	struts-workflow	1	Developer
jaspervdg	zenlib	0	Developer
jaspp	tclgbp	1	Developer
jasrags	prado	1	Project Manager
jastram	reqtrack	1	No specific role
jatsrt	bosszilla	1	No specific role
jatsrt	jitter	1	Developer
jauren	nspring	0	Developer
javababa	umldot	0	Developer
javabrigadier	exception4j	1	Tester
javacelot	javacelot	1	Project Manager
javaj2eej2me	myprograming	0	Web Designer
javajedi	timetrack	1	No specific role
javajedi	xmlproperties	0	No specific role
javajunkie	jdbforms	0	Developer
javalori	hopper	1	Project Manager
javaman	jlogger	1	No specific role
javaman777	basicportal	0	No specific role
javamona	sqlexecutor	0	Tester
javamozdude	jpo-eclipse	1	No specific role
javapandit	grupohci	0	Developer
javarome	kicsa	1	Developer
javatrout	sao	1	No specific role
javazoid	memstruct	0	Developer
java_man	servletunit	0	Developer
javierpb	plaindb	1	No specific role
javmuch	rspe	1	Developer
javyer	phpbt	0	Developer
jawe	f2f	1	Project Manager
jawe	ppf	0	Developer
jax	devgear-mac	1	No specific role
jax	nitric	0	Developer
jax	pedestal	1	No specific role
jaxman	mav	0	Developer
jaxn	cep	1	No specific role
jaya	diduce	0	Developer
jayanthi	ivm	0	Developer
jayaprakash_a	as2lib	0	Developer
jayclassless	providerfactory	1	No specific role
jayhawker	ars4sdlnft	1	No specific role
jayhawk_hokie	spacecraft	0	No specific role
jayhobson	xprint	0	Developer
jayj	audio-daemon	1	No specific role
jaykul	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
jayramj	hammurapi	0	No specific role
jayrod_junteau	nester	1	Developer
jay_clark	uceditor	0	Developer
jay_desh9	drt-qos-man	1	No specific role
ja_ortega	wxcode	0	Developer
jbacanskas	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
jbandela	boost	0	Developer
jbannet	drjava	0	Developer
jbantug	jbluez	0	Developer
jbarons	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
jbattenf	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
jbeames-sf	xaraya	1	Developer
jbeekmann	curlunit	1	No specific role
jbelmonte	lua-users	1	Project Manager
jberka	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
jberkus	osdldbt	0	Developer
jbesnard	ocamaweb	0	Developer
jbesnard	phimatex	0	Developer
jbevain	cecil	1	No specific role
jbevemyr	btt	0	No specific role
jbeyer	cbench	0	No specific role
jbglaw	lxr	0	Developer
jbhayet	ltilib	0	No specific role
jbing	fvs	0	Developer
jbischof	rtusd	0	No specific role
jbishop	codeslinger	1	No specific role
jblanton	tjdo	0	Developer
jblough	wxcode	0	Developer
jbm	libedio	1	No specific role
jbm4ever	catspeed	1	No specific role
jbmar	worksco	1	Project Manager
jbmvst	jbmsrclib	1	No specific role
jbodel	epidoc	0	No specific role
jboynes	mx4j	0	Developer
jbrains	fitnesse	0	Developer
jbrandmeyer	boost	0	Developer
jbrat	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
jbreit	zzoss	0	Developer
jbrewer	ripsaw	1	No specific role
jbriggs	diary	1	No specific role
jbrisbin	xportal	1	No specific role
jbrohan	openlvlibs	1	Developer
jbscoutberlin	opensmalloffice	1	No specific role
jbuckman	iocpsock	0	Developer
jburdick	typo	1	No specific role
jburtis	zoolib	0	No specific role
jbwiv	jedit	0	Developer
jbwiv	sidarkstar	1	No specific role
jbx	whisper2	0	Developer
jcansdale	nunit	0	Developer
jcater	gnue	1	No specific role
jccantu	jbpm	0	Developer
jccq	rdfx	0	Developer
jcduell	cscope	0	Developer
jcdus	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
jcermak	osioss	1	Developer
jcfranks	gfc	1	No specific role
jcfranks	gfclib	1	Project Manager
jcfranks	inti	1	No specific role
jcfreema	commondrops	1	No specific role
jcguevarap	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
jcg_sturdy	emacs-versor	1	No specific role
jcheng	mime4j	1	No specific role
jchilton	eaasyst	1	No specific role
jchoyt	jedit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jchoyt	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
jck1307	bocalendar	1	No specific role
jck1307	boforum	1	No specific role
jck1307	bomail	1	No specific role
jcmag22	favalias	1	Project Manager
jcman	xmarks	0	Developer
jcmdev0	zsrep	0	Developer
jcmichel	binarycloud	1	Developer
jcmschmutz	lib2022	0	Web Designer
jcofflan	xmlcereal	1	No specific role
jcolson	cpo	0	Developer
jcolson	jnetlib	1	Developer
jconradmn	struts	0	Developer
jconstantine	springframework	0	Developer
jcoquelet	cvk	0	Developer
jcorbett	dtframework	0	Developer
jcordoba	bugzilla-es	1	No specific role
jcothran	osioss	1	No specific role
jcr13	hcsoftware	1	No specific role
jcr13	minorgems	1	No specific role
jcreem	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jcscoobyrs	mockrunner	0	Developer
jcscoobyrs	zang	0	Developer
jcurbo	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
jcw	e4graph	1	No specific role
jcw	metakit	1	Developer
jcwilk	jmod	0	No specific role
jdarling	directsql	0	Tester
jdaumde	phpdbedittk	1	No specific role
jdavies	thorn	1	No specific role
jdbell	ctms	1	Project Manager
jdconley	winfessor-test	1	No specific role
jdconley	winfessor-trace	1	No specific role
jddixon	xlattice	1	No specific role
jdecarlo	lepus	1	Developer
jdeford	java3dsloader	1	No specific role
jdellaro	ai-standards	0	No specific role
jdenzel	concern	0	Developer
jdesch	ezv24	1	No specific role
jdh2358	matplotlib	1	Developer
jdhare	activegrid	0	Developer
jdhildeb	phormation	1	No specific role
jdigger	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
jdjs	winlamp	1	Developer
jdjwright	blueskytime	1	No specific role
jdkim528	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jdmartinez	tanglekit	0	Developer
jdmoore99	boost	0	Developer
jdneushul	npsnetv	0	Developer
jdong2002	ifi-picloader	0	No specific role
jdonnerstag	wicket	1	Developer
jdoran	pyodbc	1	Developer
jdoran	wintypes	1	Support Technician
jdos	opensprings	1	No specific role
jdp1120	jdbforms	1	Developer
jdppm7	cmage	0	Developer
jdreed	carbon	1	Developer
jdreid	fullcircle	0	Web Designer
jds2	cunit	0	Developer
jdthood	spyse	1	Developer
jdullea	autorealm	1	Developer
jduska	jedit	0	No specific role
jdvorak	jaxen	0	Developer
je-be	wxcode	0	Developer
jean-noel	anjuta	0	Developer
jeanferreira	ewcc	0	Developer
jeanlazarou	jdbcunit	1	No specific role
jeannegrrl	fbcommunity	0	No specific role
jean_paul_33	cougar	0	Developer
jebak	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
jeberly	nplanner	0	No specific role
jecain	ruby9i	1	No specific role
jeckel	jhotdraw	1	No specific role
jediknight	dcl	0	Developer
jedi_mbe	jvinspector	1	Project Manager
jefbed	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
jeff4amy	pvxhelpdesk	1	Project Manager
jeffcamozzi	aep	1	No specific role
jeffdrost	missionbase	1	No specific role
jeffflinn	boost	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jeffheaton	joone	0	No specific role
jeffkoertzen	xoops	0	Developer
jeffkorn	jttt	1	Developer
jeffm2501	ogf	1	Developer
jeffmclean	kgx	1	No specific role
jeffmikels	pythonpalmdb	0	Developer
jeffmoore	catalysislink	1	No specific role
jeffnorton	activegrid	0	No specific role
jeffrafter	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
jeffrafter	saxdotnet	1	No specific role
jeffrafter	saxforpascal	1	No specific role
jeffreyerikson	meta-jb	0	No specific role
jeffreypalermo	structuremap	1	Developer
jeffreytbest	openpoplog	1	Project Manager
jeffrichley	keel	0	Developer
jeffssmith1	sqlexecutor	1	No specific role
jeffwilson12	ptrivia	0	Web Designer
jeffy11	service11	1	Project Manager
jeff_4747	jumlm	1	Project Manager
jeff_epstein	xbnjava	1	No specific role
jeff_turner	aft	1	No specific role
jefritz	perlunit	1	No specific role
jegelstaff	xoops	0	Developer
jegreenwo	multitierlib	1	No specific role
jehousley	libssh2	0	Developer
jeisen	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
jeison	flprevalence	1	Developer
jeje	mx4j	0	Developer
jeje	xtremesuite	1	No specific role
jeklsoft	javatoolkit	0	Developer
jelle78	epo-extensions	1	No specific role
jeluard	gnuegw	1	Developer
jelz2yk	javabeans	1	No specific role
jemarch	gnumadrid	1	No specific role
jendave	monoxna	1	Developer
jenglish	tktable	1	Project Manager
jenne22	proton-ce	0	Graphic/Other Designer
jenneso	sofaa	0	Developer
jenos	metamenu	0	Developer
jens0660	vlab	1	Developer
jens212	jcapi	0	Developer
jense128	jtreemap	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jenslorenz	notepad-plus	0	Developer
jensoncox	vxdevelopsuit	1	No specific role
jens_bergstrom	nantvisual	1	No specific role
jentschi	dotnetinstaller	0	Developer
jepa	arbiter	0	Developer
jerano	janalyzer	0	Developer
jerdenn	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
jerdfelt	libusb	1	Developer
jeremy	tdb	1	No specific role
jeremydmiller	nunitforms	0	Project Manager
jeremydmiller	structuremap	1	No specific role
jeremy_c	xpweb	0	Developer
jeremy_henty	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
jeremy_nelson	php-logger	1	Developer
jerker_back	miniwiz	1	Project Manager
jeroenmv	spyse	0	Developer
jeroenvoogt	jasciidammit	1	No specific role
jerome-x	uceditor	1	No specific role
jeromegamez	extendedjs	1	No specific role
jerrydy	boost	0	Developer
jerryevans	vcf	0	Developer
jerrykhan	xmlite	1	Developer
jerryshea2	nhibernate	0	Developer
jervin	groovy-monkey	1	Project Manager
jes	libstring	1	No specific role
jesimon	gstreamer	0	Developer
jesjones	multimethods	1	No specific role
jesjones	picom	1	No specific role
jesjones	tcom	1	No specific role
jesjones	whisper2	1	Developer
jesse	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
jesse_adkins	eugtk	0	Developer
jesusjc	jdbase	0	Developer
jeteir	faerion	0	Developer
jetifadm	jetif	1	Project Manager
jeugenepace	doctorj	1	No specific role
jeugenepace	yagol	1	No specific role
jewillco	boost	0	Developer
jez_higgins	arabica	1	No specific role
jf-leg	ocamaweb	0	Web Designer
jfabo	openwince	1	Developer
jfarr	fsfolder	1	No specific role
jfath	wxcode	0	Developer
jfernandes	objectbase	0	No specific role
jferraz	libbx	1	No specific role
jferrergerminus	easyconf	1	Developer
jfiat	freeelks	0	Developer
jfiat	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
jfitzell	iowa	1	Project Manager
jfn	infonode	1	Developer
jfpoux	gnuegw	1	No specific role
jfq	jfqengine	1	No specific role
jfrankel	winfessor-test	0	No specific role
jfrankel	winfessor-trace	0	Developer
jfranz	pythondbo	1	No specific role
jfreed	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
jfriant	autorealm	0	Developer
jfritch	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
jftuga	sourcefoyer	1	No specific role
jfudickar	jcl	0	Developer
jfudickar	jvcl	0	Developer
jga	informa	0	Developer
jgage	pdkb	0	No specific role
jgager	ddi-alliance	1	Developer
jgangemi	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
jgangemi	rlabels	1	No specific role
jgaracci	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
jgardn	python-xlib	0	No specific role
jgarzik	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
jgb3	gedcom-ruby	1	No specific role
jgehtland	vsnunit	1	No specific role
jgellene	jedit	0	No specific role
jgherman	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
jghg	amxmodx	0	Developer
jghj	spheakxml	1	No specific role
jgilbertsjc	change-mgmt	1	No specific role
jglanz	soapanywhere	1	No specific role
jglatz	omega-hsm	1	No specific role
jgmorard	javabdd	0	Developer
jgoering	sqlviewer	0	Developer
jgoerzen	librsync	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jgoetsch	libopus	1	No specific role
jgongo	projection	1	Project Manager
jgonzal	jatisat	0	Developer
jgoodson	gridsoft	1	No specific role
jgrange	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
jgrant	jfileexplorer	0	Web Designer
jgraz	mokit	1	Developer
jgreen6	jxhtml	1	Support Manager
jgriffin716	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
jgriffin716	pyagent	1	Developer
jgrivsky	phplet	0	Developer
jguridi	elips	0	Developer
jgvjgv	dxgettext	0	Developer
jgxenite	tponguard	0	Developer
jg_hamburg	ddtunit	1	Project Manager
jhancock93	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jhanna777	pfex	0	Developer
jhanna777	wob	1	No specific role
jhannes	easymock	0	No specific role
jharler	bluelib	1	Project Manager
jharris	osdldbt	0	Developer
jharter	cdk	0	Developer
jhawkins	pnotepad	0	No specific role
jhawkinsaccp	chiphpug	0	No specific role
jhaynie	dynamicjni	1	No specific role
jhe	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jheinicke	patchwork	0	Developer
jheinstein	domit-rssparser	1	No specific role
jheinstein	domit-xmlparser	1	No specific role
jheinstein	saxy-xmlparser	1	No specific role
jheintz	grove4j	0	Developer
jheintz	xproundup	1	No specific role
jhenyal	magnum	1	Developer
jhenyal	satedit	1	No specific role
jhenyal	umldot	1	Project Manager
jhereth	jeline	1	Tester
jhereth	scola	1	No specific role
jhereth	weeje	1	Tester
jhermann	bicyclerepair	0	No specific role
jhermann	epydoc	0	Developer
jhermann	pirxx	1	No specific role
jhermann	pydtddoc	0	Developer
jhermann	pythius	1	Project Manager
jhermann	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
jhidalgo3	syfone	1	Project Manager
jhoblitt	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
jhoeller	springframework	1	Developer
jhofmann	utplsql	0	Developer
jhoger	thinking-forth	1	Project Manager
jholmes612	struts	1	Developer
jhoskens	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
jhouse	quartz	1	Developer
jhpennwv	cdk	0	Developer
jhr0771	jgrinder	0	Developer
jhr87	otsfrfleetmgmt	0	No specific role
jhrabal	starbugp	1	No specific role
jhs2	snoopy	0	Developer
jhsia	drjava	1	Developer
jhudson8	freemarker	0	Developer
jhunold	boost	0	Developer
jhuntnz	avrml	1	Unix Admin
jhusum	fbcommunity	0	Developer
jhvdven	quantum	0	Developer
jhwoodyatt	ocnae	1	All-Hands Person
jhyde	jpivot	0	No specific role
jibz	wcrt	1	Developer
jiechau	jttt	1	No specific role
jigerjava	jedit	0	Developer
jigerjava	pmd	0	Developer
jiglesias	finj	1	Project Manager
jimako	comunit	0	Developer
jimbodean	jedit	0	No specific role
jimbodean	xybrix	1	Project Manager
jimcollins	cfsynergy	1	No specific role
jimcool	nhibernate	0	Developer
jimdaubert	fxutility	1	Developer
jimdaubert	wxtl	1	Developer
jimhoskins	developersclub	0	No specific role
jimmikebowden	jxhtml	0	Developer
jimmiyoon	amylase	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	randservice	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
jimmyflynn	mklib	1	Project Manager
jimmytharpe	ewcc	0	Developer
jimp03	astyle	1	Project Manager
jimrich	synedit	0	No specific role
jimrigsbee	jbpm	0	No specific role
jimsearle	gnatsperl	0	Developer
jimspr	wtl	0	Developer
jimweirich	efsa	1	No specific role
jimwet	rabbitdev	1	Developer
jimwrightbe	melati	1	Developer
jim_barry	wtl	0	Developer
jim_stoll	bc4j-multi-row	1	No specific role
jineshkj	parser	1	Project Manager
jingyi_02	drjava	0	Developer
jinishans	npdf	1	No specific role
jinxu	cassandra	0	Developer
jivenetworks	simplecf	1	Project Manager
jivenetworks	sphps	1	Project Manager
jiwils	jedit	0	Developer
jiyarza	ewc	0	Developer
jjacobs	interchphplib	1	Support Manager
jjans	synedit	0	Developer
jjap	myjnipp	1	Developer
jjap	pythoj	1	Developer
jjhellst	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
jjkelly	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jjmah	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jjmorrison	ai-standards	0	Developer
jjmrocha	mocho	1	No specific role
jjolly	genp	1	No specific role
jjreynold	libusb	0	Developer
jjsimas	chart2d	1	Project Manager
jjthrash	lapidary	0	Developer
jjulian2	mvp-xml	1	Developer
jkaser	form4j	0	Developer
jkaster	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
jkatou	xcpp	1	No specific role
jkchan6	naturallangcode	1	No specific role
jkcroney	bugnet	0	Developer
jke	jtemporal	1	Developer
jkint	beepcore-c	0	Developer
jkint	beepcore-tcl	1	Project Manager
jkitcat	kafenio	0	Tester
jklap	jedit	0	No specific role
jkoshy	ctags	0	Developer
jkoshy	indic-computing	1	Project Manager
jkraska	pythonic	1	Developer
jkring	labpython	1	No specific role
jkring	ogpm	1	Developer
jkring	opengtoolkit	1	No specific role
jkristia	beck	1	No specific role
jkristian	javanuggets	1	No specific role
jkrueger1	uml	0	Developer
jksk	stringmanip	1	Project Manager
jkuhnert	tacos	0	Developer
jkxao	xao	0	Developer
jkyamog	ccmdev	1	No specific role
jlaangry	u3apps	1	No specific role
jlaase	bugsonline	0	Developer
jlakhani	ltfx	1	Project Manager
jlarkin	vimrails	1	No specific role
jlatour	mantisbt	0	Developer
jlauzon	domwrapper	1	Developer
jlawrenc	openwfe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jlawrence	jsedit	0	Developer
jlberliet	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jlbrd	qide	1	No specific role
jlc2	openpoplog	1	No specific role
jlcalso	xmlvoc	0	Developer
jlecomte	xlw	1	Project Manager
jleffler	isqltcl	1	No specific role
jleiva	jdbhelper	1	No specific role
jlentini	vile	1	No specific role
jler	ivm	0	Developer
jlgijsbers	pypi	0	Developer
jlgijsbers	roundup	0	Developer
jlgosse	devsite	0	Developer
jli018	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
jlianoglou	awusbxtra	1	No specific role
jlinoff	ccdoc	1	All-Hands Person
jlittle82	fit	1	No specific role
jlittle82	nunitasp	1	Developer
jljljjl	freejava	1	No specific role
jljljjl	liiil	1	No specific role
jlt63	python-ldap	0	Developer
jlwood949	xenei	0	All-Hands Person
jlyonsmith	fxutility	1	Developer
jlyonsmith	wxtl	1	Developer
jmacdonald	jadeutil	1	No specific role
jmacy	py-universe	0	Developer
jmadar	jedit	0	No specific role
jmarantz	pprint	1	No specific role
jmarchan	posixtest	0	Developer
jmarranz	itsnat	1	No specific role
jmarranz	openinnowhere	1	No specific role
jmarranz	xpdom	1	Project Manager
jmarskoder	cte	1	Project Manager
jmaurer	boost	1	No specific role
jmaver	fxutility	0	Developer
jmaver	wxtl	0	Developer
jmaxwilson	pdo-x	1	No specific role
jmayrbaeurl	jellylauncher	1	Project Manager
jmayrbaeurl	meclipseplugpl	1	Project Manager
jmc98	pipe2	0	Developer
jmcarr	droid	0	Developer
jmellen	freefilm	0	No specific role
jmelvill	nester	1	Developer
jmemaxwell	fbcommunity	0	Developer
jmenard	datavision	1	No specific role
jmenard	nqxml	1	No specific role
jmenard	rice	1	No specific role
jmenard	twice	1	No specific role
jmenter	evolutif	1	Developer
jmerelo	perl-es	1	No specific role
jmettraux	openwfe	1	Project Manager
jmglov	dclog	1	No specific role
jmglov	mkdoxy	1	No specific role
jmglov	osdt	1	Project Manager
jmhonor	web-its	0	Developer
jmikus	struts	1	Developer
jmiltner	menucracker	0	Developer
jmitchtx	struts	1	Developer
jmkf	gretel	0	Developer
jmls	pdf-inc	0	Developer
jmmcg	custwinapi	1	All-Hands Person
jmmcg	libjmmcg	1	All-Hands Person
jmonk2	ltp	0	Developer
jmoraes	easy2d	1	No specific role
jmota	berserk	0	Support Technician
jmphp	arbiter	0	Developer
jmpriest	mainejug	0	Developer
jmrodriguez	scintilla	0	Developer
jmsalvo	openjgraph	1	No specific role
jmsanchez	phpdocwriter	1	Developer
jmtapio	pyallegro	1	Developer
jmutchek	jsap	0	Developer
jmvalin	freespeech	1	Project Manager
jmwoods	epp-rtk	0	Developer
jmzh	posix	1	No specific role
jnash67	jode	0	Developer
jnekl	z8encore	1	No specific role
jneumann	dynamiteproject	1	No specific role
jneumann	eibcontrol	1	Project Manager
jnfleisc	abat	1	No specific role
jnfleisc	posixtest	1	No specific role
jng	cilk	1	No specific role
jnmbk	pisibul	1	Project Manager
jnockemann	jegl	1	No specific role
jnthnjng	gtkmm	1	Project Manager
jnye	objectthread	1	No specific role
jo2y	gleak	1	No specific role
joa23	jmxunit	1	No specific role
joa23	moonshadow	0	Developer
joa23	weta	1	Developer
joachimweiss	switch	1	Developer
joannafan	tajaxable	1	Developer
joaoarthurbm	designwizard	1	Project Manager
joaocaboclo	sami	0	Developer
joaodelvalle	xoops	0	Developer
joaopinheiro	openlegends	0	Web Designer
joaopinheiro	openzelda	0	No specific role
joaquintides	boost	0	Developer
joaxazevedo	ln-slack-maemo	1	No specific role
job	ambientjava	1	No specific role
jocenildo	mentawai-plugin	1	No specific role
jocenildo	nbmentawai	1	No specific role
jochen_sauer	eefes	1	Developer
jockmacmad	omjstate	1	No specific role
joco01	wicket	1	Developer
jodonoghue	wxhaskell	1	No specific role
jodunni1	php-logger	1	No specific role
joe7pak	ivm	0	Developer
joeamsden	epp-ver-04	0	No specific role
joebartley	hyena	1	No specific role
joeborn	neuros	1	Project Manager
joechip	simplescript	1	No specific role
joecode	pfoundation	0	Developer
joedalton	mp-plugins	0	Developer
joeenfield	catalysislink	1	No specific role
joefawcett	mvp-xml	1	Developer
joegriffin	addanc	1	Project Manager
joegriffin	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
joegtp	easyio	1	Developer
joegtp	jsquashfs	1	Developer
joekrahn	freeglut	0	Developer
joekrahn	openglut	0	Developer
joekrahn	stereogl	1	No specific role
joelaff	jedit	0	No specific role
joelgould	voicecode	0	Developer
joellimardo	javascriptix	1	No specific role
joelrs	attrezzo	1	Project Manager
joels	guile-sdl	1	No specific role
joelwietelmann	dojo-pal	1	No specific role
joel_alexandre	openboleto	0	Developer
joeparks	datafu	1	No specific role
joepeer	jdbforms	1	Developer
joepoon	nmock2	0	No specific role
joered	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
joeretro	java-eek	1	Developer
joeretro	mockobjects	0	Developer
joeretro	petsoar	1	Project Manager
joerg_walter	boost	0	Developer
joerg_wassmer	jaxlib	1	Project Manager
joernkoch	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
joernkoch	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
joernkoch	jwamforms	1	Project Manager
joernkoch	jwamutil	1	Developer
joernt	cobold	0	Developer
joeshortsleeve	exegraph	0	Developer
joestewart	phplib	0	Developer
joewhaley	javabdd	1	Project Manager
joewinchester	sweet-swt	0	Developer
joe_fish	projectb	1	No specific role
joe_programmer	aeongdk	0	Developer
joe_programmer	alleg	0	Developer
joe_programmer	allegrogl	1	Developer
joe_thornber	haskell-libs	0	Developer
jogo_sf	avango	1	Project Manager
jogybl	owlnext	1	Developer
joh	gnocl	0	No specific role
johank82	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
johanl	portbase	1	No specific role
johanlindberg	serf	1	Developer
johannod	reqsimile	1	No specific role
johann_v_n	vbisam	0	Developer
john-reynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
johnalewis	springframework	0	Developer
johnallen	vptk	1	No specific role
johnallengreen	prostyle	1	Project Manager
johnanesbitt	savvyhive	1	No specific role
johnb003	animadead	1	No specific role
johnbradley	agentfactory	0	Developer
johndavidtaylo2	beanpeeler	1	All-Hands Person
johndavidtaylor	beanpeeler	1	No specific role
johndcorbett	timeandmoney	0	Developer
johndie	ucon64	0	Developer
johndiii	wtl	0	Developer
johndison	opensetup	1	No specific role
johnfredcee	cplusplus	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
johngagon	jdbforms	0	Developer
johngarvin	drjava	0	Developer
johngaughan	mysql--	0	Developer
johnhoffman	pang	1	No specific role
johnjones	exspiminator	0	Developer
johnjones	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
johnlink	servlettesting	1	Project Manager
johnlink	xhtmlunit	1	No specific role
johnmaddock	boost	1	No specific role
johnny13	pcc	1	Developer
johnnyb	literatexml	1	No specific role
johnnygto	myphpnuke	0	Support Manager
johnnyrocket	xaraya	1	Developer
johnpusey	portlet-opensrc	0	Tester
johnqueso	commonjava	1	Project Manager
johnqueso	sageifc	1	No specific role
johnqueso	sagent	1	No specific role
johnqueso	xmlproperties	1	No specific role
johnsenf	burner	0	Developer
johnsonr	springframework	1	Developer
johnsonr	springnet	0	No specific role
johnsonryan	elixre	0	No specific role
johnstrr	objectivelib	0	No specific role
johntmorris	nhibernate	0	Developer
johnvey	gmail-api	1	No specific role
johnw42	mendel	1	No specific role
johnw42	pyinterface	1	No specific role
johnwalker00	struts	0	Developer
johnwillsons	eclipse-library	1	No specific role
johnwillsons	embeded-ejb	1	No specific role
johnw_tw	ogl-lib	1	Support Technician
johnydoe	phpgroupworks	1	All-Hands Person
johnyu	jhotdraw	0	Developer
john_langford	ai-standards	0	Developer
john_markh	pipex	1	No specific role
john_quigley	neuros	1	Developer
joiellis	taskit	1	All-Hands Person
joiellis	xpcgi	1	No specific role
jojodee	xaraya	1	Project Manager
jojoeyoon	amylase	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	randservice	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
jolby	moppy	1	No specific role
joleuger	opengameconsole	1	Project Manager
jolilius	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
jomasoft	jomamqtools	1	No specific role
jominyu	queueandagents	1	No specific role
jon-bangoid	phpduploc	0	No specific role
jon-lugo	drjava	1	Developer
jonasbn	dfront	1	No specific role
jonasbn	number-format	0	Developer
jonasmolsa	epto	1	No specific role
jonas_antonsson	nteam	0	Developer
jonas_kortsen	wsis	0	Developer
jonathanb	libaim	1	No specific role
jonathanepstein	voicecode	0	Developer
jonathanlocke	wicket	1	Developer
jonathansimon	idata	1	No specific role
jonathan_gci	jbanana	0	Developer
jonathas	clx-report	1	Project Manager
jonblackjack	notes2	0	Developer
joncrlsn	jrf	1	All-Hands Person
jondkent	avm	1	Developer
jonellsn	jpo	0	Developer
jonesde	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
jonfoster	synedit	0	No specific role
joni	anytoany	1	No specific role
joniles	jiffie	1	No specific role
jonir	dnetprocessing	1	No specific role
joniyoon	amylase	1	Developer
joniyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
joniyoon	randservice	1	Developer
joniyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
jonkalb	boost	0	Developer
jonkje	spartacusg	1	No specific role
jonnymind	mxml	1	No specific role
jonnymind	wefts	1	No specific role
jonost	etester	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jonped	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
jonrosy	wtl	0	Support Manager
jonshute	chimpinstall	1	No specific role
jonshute	chimputil	1	No specific role
jonshute	nprofiler	1	No specific role
jonshute	unittest	1	No specific role
jonsmirl	mesa3d	0	Developer
jonsv322	pymonitor	1	Project Manager
jon_lipsky	hibernate	0	Developer
joonaslehtinen	millstone	1	Developer
joonoh74	jakarta-k	0	Developer
joo_ru	joomatic	1	No specific role
jordanirwin	wikingine	1	No specific role
jorgb	wxcode	0	Developer
jorgeferrer	easyconf	1	Developer
jorgens	vb-lite-unit	1	No specific role
jorgep	cvs-intro	1	Developer
jorge_guerra	classreader	1	No specific role
jorkin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jormuocu	proyectocree	1	No specific role
joschmidt	phptmapi	1	Developer
josd	eulersharp	1	Developer
josdirksen	eip-in-action	1	No specific role
josefauer1980	fnr	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
josejorgejr	reusecenter	0	No specific role
josephgerard	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
jose_maria0	jetpp	0	Developer
joshheitzman	wtl	0	Developer
joshira	keel	0	No specific role
joshr	proc-nicesleep	1	All-Hands Person
joshuadfranklin	pinfo	1	No specific role
josiahcarlson	pype	1	No specific role
joske	libcddb	0	Developer
joskulj	hammurapi	0	Developer
jostle	viewklass	1	Developer
josve	gtk2hs	0	Developer
josve	haide	1	No specific role
jotacosta	worksco	0	No specific role
jotto	openhelloworld	1	No specific role
joukj	mesa3d	0	Developer
jouni	matplotlib	0	Developer
jowenn	qtcsharp	0	Developer
joy3k	pic-dev	0	Developer
joyistar	ajax-dev-lib	1	No specific role
jo_vermeulen	uimldotnet	0	Developer
jpalvarado	ltilib	0	Developer
jpapes	iloa	0	All-Hands Person
jpark	pdkb	0	No specific role
jparrai	quantum	1	Project Manager
jpassenger	logview4j	1	Project Manager
jpat	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
jpbl	curlpp	1	Developer
jpbl	esyslogd	1	Project Manager
jpdrolet	ogpm	0	No specific role
jpdrolet	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
jpdw	phpbt	0	Developer
jpe	scintilla	0	No specific role
jpelrine	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
jpelrine	rosettast	1	All-Hands Person
jpelrine	sunit	1	Project Manager
jpennal	stxx	1	Project Manager
jperaltac	mincur	1	No specific role
jperez	jedimath	0	Developer
jpfletcher	e4graph	1	No specific role
jpitts	libpdu	1	No specific role
jpjohnson	zoolib	0	Developer
jplang	redmine	1	No specific role
jplatts	mingwacr	1	No specific role
jplatts	wxssl	1	No specific role
jploski	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
jplr	waba-for-dos	1	No specific role
jpmugaas	internetdirect	1	No specific role
jpnp	transmogrify	0	Developer
jpnurmi	libqxt	0	Developer
jpolastre	xmlconf	0	No specific role
jpower	g4re	0	No specific role
jppietsch	prefedit	1	All-Hands Person
jpr5	ptypes	0	Developer
jpritikin	gstreamer	0	Tester
jprivett	omegaengine	1	Developer
jpss	apashtm	1	No specific role
jptavares	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
jpvl	berserk	0	Support Technician
jpw	javastarter	1	No specific role
jpz	jext	1	Developer
jqguo	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
jr31	pycamelot	1	No specific role
jr76main	dynxform	1	Developer
jraneses	bitreflexds	1	No specific role
jrarick4777	jdbv	0	No specific role
jrc520	simplygnustep	0	No specific role
jrcarter	ascl	1	Distributor/Promoter
jrccid	l-proy	1	No specific role
jrdavis	xmarks	0	Developer
jrealms	jrealms	0	Developer
jredlin	xmlserializer	0	No specific role
jresch	borgworx	0	No specific role
jrevans	matplotlib	0	Developer
jrfonseca	idc	1	No specific role
jrfonseca	mesa3d	0	Developer
jrgunkel	internetdirect	0	Developer
jriddell	uml	1	Project Manager
jriecken	jquery	0	Developer
jrl1	wxcode	1	Developer
jrms1	gbboleto	0	Web Designer
jrodrima	facturalux	1	Developer
jrosik	jrmtool	0	Developer
jrriu	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jrrodrigues	market-garden	1	No specific role
jrshaw	jdbcfacade	1	Project Manager
jrshaw	panopticode	1	No specific role
jrtgans	klibs	0	Developer
jrtwolski	phpgwpl	1	No specific role
jruesga	jmsmq	1	Project Manager
jrx	synedit	0	Developer
jryall	tagsea	1	Developer
js007	domino4e	1	No specific role
js1984	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
js1984	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
js1984	jwamutil	1	Project Manager
jsalz	nmstl	1	No specific role
jsampson	prevayler	1	Project Manager
jsan	megatruquitos	1	No specific role
jscheid	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
jschmied	djbridge	0	No specific role
jschultz410	stdutil	1	No specific role
jscottb	tclvs	1	No specific role
jscottp99	wfaforars	0	Developer
jscruz	deployer	1	No specific role
jsd01	avango	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jsdever	ost	1	No specific role
jsedano	phost-contrib	0	Developer
jsedwards	calc-o-matic	1	No specific role
jsedwards	clutil	1	No specific role
jsedwards	nwos	1	No specific role
jseigh	atomic-ptr-plus	1	No specific role
jsekora	aqtools	1	No specific role
jserrano-neo	vfreeproject	1	No specific role
jsf	cser	1	No specific role
jsheets	openbooks	1	No specific role
jsheets	umber	1	No specific role
jshepher	libnix	1	No specific role
jsher	equo	1	No specific role
jshiell	smoothmetal	1	Developer
jshiffer	osdtk	1	Developer
jshowlett	xwing	1	Developer
jshy	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
jsiek	boost	0	Developer
jsimmons	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
jskeet	easymocknet	0	Developer
jskeet	jbench	1	No specific role
jskipper	ssh4j	0	Developer
jskress	jfilemerge	1	No specific role
jsmecham	jabberlib	1	No specific role
jsnell	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
jsolomon	maverick	0	No specific role
jsorah	ideproject	0	Developer
jspacco	findbugs	0	Developer
jsquyres	inilib	1	No specific role
jsquyres	metamenu	1	Project Manager
jstdio	jstdio	1	No specific role
jstepka	hibernate	0	Doc Writer
jster	ltfx	0	Developer
jstevh	classviewer	1	Project Manager
jstockall	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
jstolle	parc	0	Developer
jstookey	cpnmouse	0	Developer
jstrachan	dom4j	1	Project Manager
jstrachan	drools	1	Developer
jstrachan	jaxen	1	Project Manager
jstrachan	saxpath	1	Project Manager
jstrachan	springframework	0	Developer
jstrachan	werken-xpath	0	Developer
jstrachan	xmlconf	0	Developer
jstrout	py-universe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jstrout	quesa	1	Developer
jsulliva	subnetcreator	1	No specific role
jsuter	boost	0	Developer
jsutton	cfglitch	1	Project Manager
jswalter	date-time-4-php	1	No specific role
jsweat	arbiter	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jsweat	phpdatacache	1	No specific role
jsweat	simpletest	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jswhit	matplotlib	1	Developer
jsz-	zorta	0	Graphic/Other Designer
jtajta2002	postmansort	1	No specific role
jtalbot	cplusplus	0	Developer
jtavan	minorgems	0	Developer
jtaylor1126	phoenixdev	1	Developer
jtiger2005	columns4eclipse	1	No specific role
jtillman	modinfo	1	No specific role
jtjbrady	pyxntp	1	No specific role
jtl	openpjb	0	Developer
jtoledo	cpstools	1	No specific role
jtorjo	win32gui	1	Project Manager
jtrager	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jtschannen	geshi	0	Developer
jtuc	scintilla	0	Developer
jtwoee	gwtonrails	1	No specific role
jtytgat	ro-oslib	1	Developer
jt_borland	freeclx	1	No specific role
juancpaz	fspaix	1	Project Manager
juangarces	epidoc	0	No specific role
juangoncalves	joffad	1	Project Manager
juanheyns	jdatepicker	1	No specific role
juanjosaurio	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juanrazeto	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juantar	gmbigtemplate	1	No specific role
juanysys	simpleodbc	1	No specific role
juddrogers	progect	1	Developer
juddsimantov	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
judison	imglisted	1	No specific role
judith_osdl	stp	1	Developer
judyhg	prostyle	1	No specific role
juergenkrey	openquasar	1	Project Manager
juergen_ebert	iicontrol	1	No specific role
juergen_ebert	xpstorm	1	No specific role
juhani_heino	mcrypt	0	Developer
juhp	gtk2hs	1	Developer
juhp	haskell-libs	1	Developer
juhp	scim	0	Developer
julesnorman	joone	0	Developer
juliameng	esde	0	Developer
julianreich	objectum	1	No specific role
juliansmart	wxcode	0	Developer
julian_deville	exml	0	No specific role
julian_deville	v2d	0	Doc Writer
julia_flanders	epidoc	0	No specific role
julienito	presto	0	Developer
julienmuller	creme	0	No specific role
julienroussel	xcop	1	Developer
julioaba	cvpframework	1	No specific role
julionc	xoopsla	1	No specific role
jumper45	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
junglewiz	mcrypt	0	Developer
junjp	zang	0	Developer
juntao	j2meunit	1	No specific role
junyoshitake	scacad	0	Developer
jurberg	pbunit	1	No specific role
jurbobro	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jurgenthor	wxssl	0	Developer
jurjen	prostyle	1	No specific role
jusansai	rubycocoa	0	Developer
justaman	ofbiz	0	Developer
justen_hyde	libdtouch	0	No specific role
justinhj	ai-standards	0	No specific role
justinhj	lispbuilder	1	Developer
justinking	nteam	0	Developer
justinkwaugh	free-xdk	1	Developer
justinmanus	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
justinrudd	abstractadonet	1	No specific role
justin_shreve	libajax	1	Project Manager
justjul	bugslife	1	Project Manager
justme84	nhibernate	1	Developer
justrudd	carbonado	0	Developer
justusbrugman	marshallingyard	1	Unix Admin
just_	smartims	0	No specific role
juvinious	alleg	0	Developer
juvs	scout	0	Developer
juvs	struts-gears	1	No specific role
jvalduvieco	dfsm	0	Developer
jvalduvieco	xulrecordset	1	Developer
jvandyk	gnavi	1	No specific role
jvanzyl	drools	1	Developer
jvanzyl	jext	0	Developer
jvanzyl	mx4j	0	Developer
jvaranda	wmscc	1	Developer
jvarszegi	nspring	1	Developer
jvbalek	xhuggle	0	Developer
jvdrean	imc	0	No specific role
jveljan	jocolibs	1	No specific role
jvff	allegrt	1	No specific role
jvilas	discorouter	1	No specific role
jvirs	lfc	0	Developer
jvmjge	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
jvr	pyobjc	0	Developer
jvz	foxgui	1	No specific role
jwa	minorgems	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamenvironment	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamforms	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamutil	1	Developer
jwarnes	statdistlib	0	No specific role
jwatte	game-math3d	1	Project Manager
jwegener	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jwhe	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jwhigginbotham	bus	1	No specific role
jwhite909	idsharp	1	No specific role
jwhitehorn	lnc	1	All-Hands Person
jwin1	bdbadapter	1	No specific role
jwin1	powerfolder	0	Developer
jwjw	ucon64	0	Developer
jwk330	grinder	0	Developer
jwking	smart-library	0	Project Manager
jwojnowski	live-generator	1	No specific role
jword	cfactory	1	No specific role
jword	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
jwright	lbs	1	No specific role
jwskene	spang	1	Developer
jwuttke	for2html	1	No specific role
jwwalker	quesa	1	Developer
jwy	jlib	1	No specific role
jxtacore	jedit	0	Developer
jyasskin	gstreamer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
jyljyljyl	e4graph	1	No specific role
jymen	jedit	0	No specific role
jymloke1125	opendws	0	Developer
jyothi_sunke	prograde	0	Developer
jyun	activegrid	1	Support Manager
jzawodn	net-freedb	0	Developer
jzdecourcy	nteam	0	No specific role
jzieren	ltilib	0	Developer
jztpcw	osdldbt	0	Developer
j_armstrong	twice	1	All-Hands Person
j_arnold	syspect	0	Developer
j_bermejo	easyconf	0	Developer
j_isber	pokea	0	No specific role
j_javier	burnoutstudios	1	Developer
j_wicks	rosettawerks	1	All-Hands Person
k-fish	swep	1	Project Manager
k001operator	gekkoware	0	Developer
k3ys	kea	1	No specific role
k5jvc	shapedotnet	1	Project Manager
k8lin	chiphpug	0	Developer
kaa74	jeasy-do	1	Developer
kaaba	kea	0	Developer
kaalus	boost	0	Developer
kaaskonk	drjava	0	Developer
kabalak	gnome-turk	1	No specific role
kabalak	gtranslator	1	No specific role
kabalak	semerkent	1	No specific role
kabkhan	hibernate	0	Developer
kaczula	timetrack	0	Developer
kadmos	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
kaelin	clocc	0	No specific role
kaeverens	jsquash	0	No specific role
kaffeetisch	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
kafkafr	qodo	1	No specific role
kage-chan	kagpro	1	Project Manager
kahro	jumix	1	No specific role
kahumbu	xoops	0	Doc Writer
kah_esl	wsis	0	No specific role
kaid_fr	kwnd	1	No specific role
kaihartmann	cdk	0	Developer
kaikl	phplibex	1	Project Manager
kaila	junitee	0	Developer
kaisert	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
kaitano	kaistar	1	Project Manager
kaizen_denki	enveria	1	No specific role
kajala	slmath	1	No specific role
kaju74	jvcl	0	Developer
kakienitz	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
kakilik	kakilik	1	No specific role
kalinga	prograde	0	Developer
kalinga	simpletk	0	Developer
kaloian	catb-bg	1	No specific role
kaloian	cyrcho	1	No specific role
kaloian	revolution	1	No specific role
kaloth	jedit	0	Developer
kaloudoff	concentre-xml	0	Unix Admin
kal_ahmed	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
kamal_k_joshi	utplsql	0	Developer
kamal_s	elixre	1	Developer
kamikazze	erlangstudio	1	No specific role
kammerl	locationtrader	1	No specific role
kams_sf	xaraya	1	Developer
kanda	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
kandarp_shah	joda	0	Developer
kandrew	arabica	0	No specific role
kangling	tdbsql	0	No specific role
kangounator	pycamelot	1	Project Manager
kanima	msxdk	1	No specific role
kanonenschwein	zaubertrank	0	No specific role
kanotspell	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
kaotao	htmltok	0	Developer
kaotik_j	xoops	0	Developer
kapilch	kuimlrenderer	1	No specific role
karabuk	aplepy	1	No specific role
karasu	cdx	0	Developer
karav	xenei	0	Developer
kare	yawa	1	All-Hands Person
kargeor	lbaprojects	1	No specific role
karijes	ede	1	All-Hands Person
karimbouzoubaa	amine-platform	0	Developer
karine_arnout	gobo-eiffel	0	Doc Writer
karlkoenig	exegraph	1	No specific role
karlmutch	commsvcfw	0	Developer
karlnyberg	gnat-florist	1	All-Hands Person
karlsfre	ldapeclipse	1	No specific role
karmicro	libopus	1	Project Manager
karmix	ps2dev	1	Developer
karneim	jrexx	1	Unix Admin
karschten	jptc	1	Developer
karthi123	easypersistence	1	All-Hands Person
kartifice	quesa	1	Developer
karve	jpe	0	No specific role
kasatani	svt	1	No specific role
kasplat	pythoncard	1	Developer
kasprowb	c-y-a	0	Developer
kasspip	occultation	1	Project Manager
kastagg	jhotdraw	0	Developer
kastenberg	groove	1	Project Manager
kaster	perl-mvc	1	All-Hands Person
katel	chart-taglibs	1	Developer
kathyyabroudy	webunitproj	0	Developer
kaufi	libztl	1	Project Manager
kavaxtreme	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kavyboy	vptk	0	No specific role
kawaic	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
kaymi	jedit	0	No specific role
kaymury	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kayoff	yapcom	0	Developer
kaythespy	gous	0	Developer
kayulrich	mca2	1	Project Manager
kazimirov	bcore	1	No specific role
kazimirov	libb	1	All-Hands Person
kazmif	springdomains	1	No specific role
kazzmir	alleg	0	Developer
kballen	libhunk	1	No specific role
kbeck	javaspider	1	No specific role
kbeck	junit	1	No specific role
kbeckman	sglibs	1	No specific role
kbk	python-mode	0	Developer
kbluck	wxart2d	0	Developer
kbwood	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
kbwood	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
kc7bfi	jras32	1	Project Manager
kchaddha	utctrackingtool	0	Developer
kchuguev	python-ldap	0	Developer
kcidsoft	ibuttonlib	1	No specific role
kckrinke	udpm	1	Project Manager
kconsalus	quickfix	0	Developer
kcoulter	soar	1	Developer
kcrca	napkinlaf	1	Project Manager
kdencker	developersclub	0	No specific role
kdhunter	eclipseme	0	Developer
kdmix	vcf	0	Developer
kdmurthy	xunit	1	No specific role
kdonald	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
kdonald	springframework	0	Developer
kdowney	amberarcher	0	No specific role
kdrew	jedit	0	No specific role
kdschutt	prologdoc	0	No specific role
kdtop	m-n-mumps	0	Developer
kduske	jeceira	1	Developer
kdvolder	jquery	1	Project Manager
kdwaard	jxpfw	0	No specific role
kdz13	lfc	0	Developer
keb189	bside	0	Developer
keccs	yafumle	1	Developer
kedge	wabajump	1	Project Manager
keef	gtengine	1	Analysis / Design
keeleyd	sqlb	1	Project Manager
keertipai	rtpdemo	0	Developer
keescook	stp	0	No specific role
keesfromspace	filelock	1	No specific role
keesh	hktreeview	1	All-Hands Person
keesh	pcre-win32	1	No specific role
keesj	mmapps	1	Developer
keeskuip	domify	0	Developer
keeskuip	jhotdraw	0	Developer
keess	jxpfw	1	Project Manager
keidel	psplots	1	Project Manager
keidel	usarena	1	No specific role
keithalewis	xll	1	Project Manager
keithfralick	zerolibc	1	No specific role
keithharwood	nuweb	1	Developer
keithrichards	sparqlviz	1	Project Manager
keithw	mesa3d	1	Developer
kejavalen	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
keless	gtengine	0	Developer
kellan	magpierss	1	No specific role
kellan	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
kelledin	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
kellerds	jweather	0	Developer
keller_tl	carbonado	0	Developer
kelticdanor	nesdevkit	0	Web Designer
kemmel	jbanana	1	Developer
kemp_c	jemmyfixture	1	Project Manager
kenci	id-validate	0	Developer
kencochrane	a4j	1	No specific role
kendeel	jetpp	0	Doc Writer
kenelson	gtkmm	0	Developer
kenelson	libsigc	1	No specific role
kenfitzpatrick	hosteduserhelp	1	No specific role
kenfitzpatrick	imagebuttonbean	1	No specific role
kenia	eobsystem	1	Developer
kenichi_f	morpho	1	Project Manager
kenmillerukda	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
kennedycolm	pdkb	0	No specific role
kennethjiang	fddtools	1	No specific role
kennethxu	collections15	1	No specific role
kennwww	kennwhite	1	No specific role
kennyt	phpbt	0	Developer
kenroz	lbs	0	Developer
kenshiro55	aries	1	No specific role
kenstir	tclunit	1	No specific role
kentemich	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
kentropy	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
kentv	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
kenu	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
kenzzz	swtswing	0	Developer
ken_ore	spartacusg	0	No specific role
ken_raisor	processdash	1	No specific role
ken_steele	pelp	1	Developer
ken_vh	cow	1	No specific role
kephrenz	programlama	1	No specific role
kerbtier	vakum	1	Developer
kerigan	smartims	0	No specific role
kerion	stdnws	1	No specific role
kerkness	xoops	0	Developer
kernel-klink	scarsrl	0	No specific role
kerns	cute	0	Developer
kerowme	perl-es	1	No specific role
kerrid	txmlini	0	Developer
kersing	jir	1	No specific role
kesaniemi	jreleaser	0	Developer
keto	mortik	1	Developer
keunsikhong	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kevaz	code-x	0	Developer
kevem	basicportal	0	Developer
kevem	jxutil	1	Project Manager
kevglass	java-game-lib	0	Developer
kevin-duffey	genpluginengine	1	Project Manager
kevin-duffey	jfcunit	0	Developer
kevin-duffey	platonos	1	Project Manager
kevin3stone	sofaa	0	No specific role
kevin3stone	spc	1	No specific role
kevina	pspell	1	No specific role
kevinbedell	axis4struts	1	Project Manager
kevinlewis	squarespf	1	No specific role
kevinrosenberg	clocc	0	Developer
kevinrosenberg	ilisp	0	Developer
kevinrosenberg	sbcl	0	No specific role
kevinrosenberg	uffi	1	No specific role
kevinsmithbr	gbboleto	0	Developer
kevinstembridge	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	dncache	1	No specific role
kevinwilliams	nhibernate	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	nproject	0	Developer
kevin_conaway	pmdwlw	1	No specific role
kevin_wright	enveria	1	Project Manager
kevlin	boost	0	Developer
kewliostar	stardustgcs	1	No specific role
kfoley05	nfop	1	Developer
kg4mxz	foopl	1	No specific role
kgellien	ddtunit	1	Developer
kgentle	javalogging	0	Developer
kgilpin	codeometer	1	No specific role
kgilpin	dovetail	1	No specific role
kgoess	log4perl	1	Project Manager
khael	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
khaga	easyfreedb	1	No specific role
khaines	iowa	0	Developer
khamis	sn-extensions	1	No specific role
khanreaper	libzi	1	No specific role
khanreaper	saptam	1	No specific role
khan_sultan	jrtm	1	All-Hands Person
kharly	nproject	0	Developer
khemebuen	deviroment	0	Developer
khemicals	marblehorse	0	No specific role
khertan	izieditor	1	No specific role
khouseknecht	sforce	1	Project Manager
khross	ika	0	Developer
khuranabal	miset	1	No specific role
khurshid	aurigadoc	1	Project Manager
khurshid	aurigadoclet	1	No specific role
khward	phpxindice	1	Project Manager
kh_naba	anjuta	1	No specific role
kiaksar	artregistry	1	No specific role
kiara	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
kiates	utplsql	0	Developer
kibalin	cpp-experiment	1	Web Designer
kickboxr	jlsguest	1	No specific role
kidambhi	rtpdemo	0	No specific role
kiklop74	bccsdk	1	Developer
kiklop74	vcf	0	Developer
kiko_async	epydoc	0	Developer
killian35	simplyvbunit	1	No specific role
killian35	vbcorlib	1	No specific role
killian35	vbmock	1	No specific role
kimchy	compass	1	No specific role
kimgrasman	comunit	1	Developer
kimsk010	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kimumasa	amateras	0	Developer
kimuraw	rubycocoa	0	Developer
kindman1	otk	1	No specific role
kindshit	umlvm	0	No specific role
kingb_98	jxm	1	No specific role
kingerfly	qf-utils	0	Developer
kingjr3	jcrontab	0	Developer
kingn	openglc2	1	No specific role
kingnato	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
kingofgib	libds	1	No specific role
kingofgib	pnet6	1	No specific role
kingubu	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
kiniry	cedet	0	Developer
kiniry	ebon	1	All-Hands Person
kinnison	cplusplus	1	Developer
kintaro_2001	asmcrew	1	No specific role
kio1	vipsi	1	Project Manager
kion	beepcore-java	0	Developer
kiplingw	charlieface	1	No specific role
kir	phpruslib	1	No specific role
kirchman	multiplatform	1	Developer
kire_putsje	wxart2d	0	Developer
kirilt	myphpnuke	0	Developer
kirkh	jxhtml	1	Project Manager
kirys	synedit	0	Developer
kishida0	brv-dev-tools	0	Developer
kissadmin	fractalkiss	1	Project Manager
kiwi64ajs	embeddedloconet	1	Project Manager
kiwnix	sierra	1	No specific role
kjdavies	autorealm	1	Developer
kjetilja	opengrid	1	Project Manager
kjetilja	poshmodule	0	Developer
kjetilt	kgb	0	Developer
kjinnovation	cpputilities	1	No specific role
kkawachi	sqplus	1	Developer
kkemp102294	phpdynatree	1	Developer
kkjr	buddhism	1	Project Manager
kknobloch	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
kknudsen	jfeedback	1	Developer
kkojipjima	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kktec	springframework	0	Developer
klacke	btt	1	Developer
klahr	openfury	1	No specific role
klamath	osdldbt	0	Developer
klassa	tkdiff	1	All-Hands Person
klaufer	triveni	1	No specific role
klaufer	trull	1	No specific role
klauswuestefeld	presto	1	Project Manager
klauswuestefeld	prevayler	1	Project Manager
klauswuestefeld	sneer	1	No specific role
klaus_uhl	mca2	1	Project Manager
kleiner77	hbci4java	1	No specific role
klhurley	purple	0	Developer
klhurley	umlsculptor	1	Developer
klion	wxart2d	0	Developer
klm	python-mode	1	Project Manager
klmcw	jedit	0	No specific role
kloper	dgd	1	Project Manager
klorofil	purefect	1	No specific role
klostej	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
klpauba	jpictools	1	No specific role
klr8	springframework	0	Developer
kluyten	uimldotnet	1	No specific role
klvon	pysaprfc	1	No specific role
kmaclean2006	voxforge	1	No specific role
kmaksimov	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
kmatcha	easypersistence	1	Developer
kmcivor	matplotlib	0	Developer
kmeson	xmlserializer	0	No specific role
kmiriri	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	No specific role
kmmoens	kaylo	0	Developer
kmohans	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
kmorwood	tpapro	0	No specific role
kmorwood	tpaproclx	0	Developer
kmorwood	tpipro	0	No specific role
kmorwood	tponguard	0	No specific role
kmullis	neoengine	0	Developer
knavery	rdbrowse	1	No specific role
knesbitt	conduitmanager	0	No specific role
knesbitt	xngr	0	No specific role
kni67	kafenio	0	Tester
knigge	taglibtools	1	No specific role
knightabe	laptoplinux	1	Developer
knikon	syscriptor	1	Developer
knipping	exymen	0	No specific role
knisterpeter	neoengine	1	Project Manager
knmnyn	parcels	1	No specific role
knopp	wicket	1	Developer
knothead	ponyexpress	0	Developer
knubbel	xinity	1	Developer
knuger	drpython	0	Developer
knusty	alink2	1	Project Manager
knutaldrin	geshi	0	Developer
knuthp	ada2gxl	1	No specific role
ko5tik	jedit	0	No specific role
koansoftware	wxcode	0	Developer
koansoftware	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
kodecharlie	xdelimitarea	1	No specific role
koentsje	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
kohni	gtkextra	0	Developer
kojaques	gengine	0	Doc Writer
kokkalis	javabdd	0	Developer
kolenskim	ai-standards	0	No specific role
kolham	pumaengine	0	Developer
kolic	dcip	1	No specific role
kolimarfey	service11	1	Developer
kollisatish	httpunit	0	Support Technician
kollivier	documancer	0	Developer
kollivier	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
kollivier	wxwebkit	1	Developer
kollross	m4x	1	Project Manager
kolonel	dmapi	1	No specific role
komodo_anaconda	prograde	0	Developer
konczer	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
kondakrishna	prograde	0	Developer
konforce	alleg	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kongxx	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
konsens	syspect	0	Developer
konst	asm	1	All-Hands Person
konst	biew	0	All-Hands Person
konstsaf	xao	0	Developer
kontramot	ipstream	1	No specific role
kootee	jreleaser	0	Developer
kopela	service-cache	0	No specific role
koppelhuber	projectbutler	0	No specific role
korakot	buddhism	1	Project Manager
koralage	microjavadallas	0	Developer
korba812	opowapi	1	No specific role
kornos	gtkextra	0	Doc Writer
kornstaedt	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamforms	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
kornstaedt	jwamutil	1	Developer
koroglu	crossrec	0	Developer
korous	cscodedomparser	0	Developer
korsvanbeem	mmapps	0	No specific role
kortatu	easyconf	0	Developer
korval2	allegropro	1	No specific role
kosalf	pdcbatest	1	No specific role
kosch	deimos	1	No specific role
koseki	lingounit	1	No specific role
kostus2	tpfl	1	No specific role
kototama-	imc	0	No specific role
kotste	phpdatetime	0	Developer
koucky	saprfc	1	No specific role
koudanshi	zang	0	No specific role
koukos	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
kowey	wxhaskell	1	Project Manager
koyeung	htkit	1	No specific role
kozik1	konwert	1	No specific role
kpixel	nhibernate	1	Developer
kpontology	kpontology	1	No specific role
kpouer	jedit	1	Developer
kpouer	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kpouer	phpeclipse	0	Developer
kprobst	codebox	1	No specific role
kraades	prodbk	1	No specific role
krabatz	jdbforms	0	Developer
krachyn	ppf	0	Developer
krachyn	queried	0	No specific role
kragsterman	ior	1	No specific role
kragsterman	iscsitarget	1	No specific role
krakengore	rejuce	1	No specific role
kraldon	nester	1	Developer
kraldon	xmarks	1	No specific role
kram1024	genesiscomp	0	Developer
kraney	itcllib	1	No specific role
kraney	tclish	1	No specific role
kraptor	openvisa	0	No specific role
krasner	absolutex	0	No specific role
kratochvil	www-sms	0	Developer
kraused	dklibs	1	No specific role
krayc	xoops	0	Developer
kraythe	esysprops-plug	1	No specific role
krazy_meerkat	scarsrl	0	No specific role
krdobrev	pranka	1	No specific role
kreativez	jrwrapper	1	No specific role
krebsj	informa	0	Developer
kreeger	oscar-osx	1	No specific role
kreimerkreimer	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
kresho	oraexp	1	Project Manager
kriga	flexphpenv	1	No specific role
kriisu	mortik	0	Editorial/Content Writer
krinke	praktomat	1	Developer
krischan	tktreectrl	0	No specific role
krischik	booch95	0	All-Hands Person
krischik	gnat-florist	1	Project Manager
krishnarajck	lesser-libs2	0	Developer
krisko	jedit	0	Graphic/Other Designer
krisnod	ossdevstudio	1	Developer
krist30	wafer	1	Project Manager
krister	gfclib	0	Developer
kristian_v	miranda-os	1	Developer
kristofferkvam	xradar	1	Project Manager
kristov	kvtest	1	All-Hands Person
kristyelizabeth	satchel	1	Project Manager
krisw	srcaudit	1	No specific role
kris_tof	smoothiemods	0	Developer
krivoshey	asyncresolv	1	No specific role
krivoshey	dotconfpp	1	No specific role
krl-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
kroche	wireframetool	0	Developer
krogoth2	projman	1	All-Hands Person
krogoth2	qtcsharp	0	Developer
kronuz	openlegends	1	Project Manager
kronuz	openzelda	1	Project Manager
krose	eclipselauncher	0	No specific role
krouer	jetpp	0	Developer
kroushl	fadingsummer	0	Developer
krphilabaum	frobot	0	Web Designer
krs1	openquasar	0	Support Manager
krumms	tkf	1	No specific role
krusch	tidy	0	Developer
kruskal	cme	0	Developer
krylloan	kapi	1	No specific role
kryst4l	javaj	1	No specific role
krystal_tech	bluelog	1	No specific role
krzogr	jbpm	0	Developer
krzysiok	dres	1	No specific role
ksadlocha	s-mail	1	No specific role
kschultz	mesa3d	0	Developer
kse	jquickbase	1	No specific role
ksejlod	xccnode	1	Developer
kshanth	eimp	0	Developer
kshif	ogpm	0	No specific role
kshif	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
kshuang	ixdp4xx	1	All-Hands Person
kshuang	openwince	0	Developer
ksm	jedit	0	No specific role
ksmathers	libbt	1	No specific role
kspreetha	daffodilnet	0	Developer
kstaken	dbxml-core	0	No specific role
kstater67	bus	0	Developer
ksteph	findbugs	0	No specific role
kswarts	jxml	1	Project Manager
kt05	geminir	1	No specific role
kt05	txmlini	1	No specific role
ktat	template-viewer	1	Developer
kuato	t-gtk	0	No specific role
kuaw26	kactrls4delphi	1	No specific role
kuba-11	obskurator	1	No specific role
kubacki	nbmousewheel	1	No specific role
kubacki	pmd	0	Developer
kudenko	ai-standards	0	Developer
kudra	cpanplus	0	Doc Writer
kuehner	linlocalize	1	Project Manager
kukeltje	jbpm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
kulnor	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
kulpreet	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
kumara	jxquick	0	No specific role
kumarsri	isqltcl	1	No specific role
kuni_pm9	php-screw	1	No specific role
kunnis	finf	1	All-Hands Person
kunoka	yafumle	1	Developer
kuntal_s	htkit	0	No specific role
kuracharybda	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
kurakin	wsjl	1	No specific role
kurak_bu	xoops	0	Developer
kuranes	wgois	0	Developer
kurifu	cmrnsp	1	No specific role
kurifu	vfsmgr	1	No specific role
kurishin	tado	1	No specific role
kurnl	xenei	0	Developer
kuroko	phpvortex	0	Developer
kurozumifactory	minerva-library	1	No specific role
kurtac1	gisi-pm	0	No specific role
kurtie	twostep	1	Project Manager
kurt_olsen	warserver	1	Developer
kurund	letsanswer	1	No specific role
kuthu	eggo	1	Project Manager
kvaks	ps2dev	0	Developer
kvanals	cppschool	1	No specific role
kvanals	peng-connect	1	No specific role
kviswana	jhotdraw	0	Developer
kvmurom	libxls	1	All-Hands Person
kwaclaw	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	libdb-dotnet	1	No specific role
kwaclaw	saxdotnet	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	xpea	1	No specific role
kwallmar	pythoncard	0	Developer
kwallmar	xproadmap	1	Developer
kwangag	activegrid	0	No specific role
kwaxer	freeelks	0	Developer
kwaxer	goanna	0	Developer
kwaxer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
kwiateek	webengine	1	All-Hands Person
kwilson227	jfcunit	1	Developer
kwizatz	freesolid	1	No specific role
kxgao	fault-injection	0	Tester
kxmode	cfxml-forum	1	Developer
kxu	gbafromscratch	1	Developer
kxu	opensxdl	1	Developer
kyagrd	bdbplusplus	1	No specific role
kybu	qpthread	1	Developer
kyledawkins	pfoundation	1	Developer
kylejb	fusion-gw	1	Developer
kyleshank	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
kyo_116	devbasic	1	No specific role
kyo_116	spheresuite	1	No specific role
kyrcha	agentacademy	0	Tester
kyriostec	kyrios	1	Unix Admin
kysis	dee	1	No specific role
kzamir	libhdate	1	No specific role
kzm	haskell-libs	0	Developer
kzmi	canonscanner	0	Developer
k_koch	htmlp	1	Developer
k_nagarajan	indic-computing	0	Developer
k_satoda	jedit	0	Developer
l2kphil	pythoncard	0	Developer
l950637	solareclipse	1	Project Manager
l99057j	cdx	0	Developer
labarta	cdk	0	Developer
labcn243	cplab3	1	No specific role
labradortech	xmlout	1	No specific role
labrett	pyprc	1	All-Hands Person
laburthe	choco	1	Project Manager
labviewer	labpython	1	Developer
labviewer	ogpm	0	No specific role
labviewer	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
lacax	libsx	1	Project Manager
lachinois	xpa	1	Developer
lack	pord	1	No specific role
lacygirl	edumips64	0	Developer
lafitteinexile	hugonomicon	1	Developer
lafriks	wxsoap	1	No specific role
lagocs	dwpl	1	Project Manager
lahtirob	ewc	0	Developer
lais	ldap-pp	0	Developer
lajwantidoshi	rlframework	0	Developer
lakerius	jxmlguibuilder	0	Tester
lakshmanok	streamdom	1	No specific role
lakshmipathi	uma	1	No specific role
lakshmi_sv	parc	0	Developer
lak_	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
lallen	beepcore-c	0	Developer
lally	diablo95	1	Developer
lalo	flyingcircus	1	No specific role
lalo	py-universe	0	Developer
lalo	zunit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lambart	geode	1	No specific role
lammeregire	sqplus	0	Developer
lanciaux	jedit	0	No specific role
languard	vbtablet	0	Developer
lanio	perl-oak	0	Developer
lannb	cooleclipse	1	Developer
lannin	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
lanomik	ilabs	1	No specific role
lanwin	nmould	1	Developer
laotze	uopl	0	Doc Writer
laozhu	xrun	1	All-Hands Person
laprock	gtk-osx	0	Project Manager
laramiec	dom4j	0	Developer
laranjinha	jdbase	0	Developer
lardybiffa	arroyo	0	Developer
larham	emo	1	No specific role
larimerd	ponyexpress	1	No specific role
larix	legong	0	Web Designer
larknox	jdbv	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
larosem	xmlcpg	0	Developer
larryss	lecroyib	1	Project Manager
larryss	lecroyvicp	1	Project Manager
larsan	norna	1	No specific role
larsehrler	jfern	0	Developer
larsga	pydtddoc	0	Developer
larsga	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
larsl	midicontrol	1	No specific role
larsmkris	sweepchecker	0	Developer
las30	hcsoftware	0	Developer
lasa	jaol	1	No specific role
lasa	propane	1	No specific role
lasa	tome	1	No specific role
laserlight	devpaks	1	Project Manager
lasersquad	dynamicarrays	1	Project Manager
laserwada	metric-pl	1	No specific role
lasha	digi	0	Developer
lasha	penub	0	Developer
lastberserker	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
lastcraft	arbiter	1	Project Manager
lastcraft	simpletest	1	Developer
lasthope83	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
lastmatrix	uuu	0	Developer
lastsmoke	xrml	1	Developer
latestlinux	latestlinux	1	All-Hands Person
lauaikmi	parcels	1	Developer
laufont	wui	1	All-Hands Person
laullon	jhecomponent	1	No specific role
laurenshop	baritus	1	Developer
laurent-richard	vmime	0	Developer
laurentd	csocket	1	No specific role
laurentmartelli	jac-aop	1	No specific role
laurentmartelli	swingwt	0	Developer
lauvset	opengrid	1	Project Manager
lavandowska	roller	0	Developer
lavelle	wixextra	1	No specific role
laverson	hwgui	0	Developer
lavii	clovis	1	No specific role
lavosphoenix	novaeon-magi	1	No specific role
layne_weathers	phplib	0	All-Hands Person
laza2000	ede	1	All-Hands Person
laza2000	fltk	0	Developer
laza2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
laza2000	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
lazarius	pfcpp	1	Project Manager
lazarus404	nmagick	1	No specific role
lazarus_long	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
laziguanara	xulrecordset	1	Project Manager
lazlohf	mindwidgets	1	No specific role
lazmike	zorta	0	No specific role
lazy81	perl-coma	1	No specific role
la_virtud	rm2k-rpgfactory	1	No specific role
lbarberan	cvs-intro	1	No specific role
lbell	anjuta	0	Developer
lbell	lbugtrack	1	No specific role
lbeyeler	spaceopera	1	All-Hands Person
lbroussal	jmxtools	0	Doc Writer
lbruand	jedit	0	Developer
lbrucher	collections15	0	Developer
lbruhmuller	activegrid	0	Developer
lcarsvision	lcarsx	1	Project Manager
lchasen	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
lculik	hwgui	0	Developer
lculik	xhgtk	0	Developer
lculik	xhuggle	1	Developer
ld1979	jmxtools	1	No specific role
ldapguru	xoops	0	Developer
ldl	omega	1	No specific role
ldl	pdkb	0	No specific role
ldoornek	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
ldrolez	phpwebmin	1	No specific role
ldv	libsigc	0	No specific role
leafly	drjava	0	Developer
leandrolameiro	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
leandropa	pep-pp	1	No specific role
leandrosales	lvs	1	No specific role
learnloop	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
leavengood	rubygems	1	No specific role
leavengood	rubynet	0	Developer
lebriquer	daoi	1	No specific role
lecando	angkor	1	No specific role
lecando	nanning	1	No specific role
lechertl	jdbf	0	Analysis / Design
lechertl	pcrm	1	All-Hands Person
lecornet_o	svprog	1	Developer
ledesmafernando	jidec	1	No specific role
ledestin	ledestin	1	No specific role
ledjon	phpdocsearch	1	No specific role
ledzpl	jakarta-k	0	Developer
leeborkman	wireframetool	1	Project Manager
leecho	blake	0	Developer
leecho	presto	0	Developer
leecho	prevayler	0	Developer
leejason	patentgroupware	1	No specific role
leepard	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
leeper	bloatedtostring	1	No specific role
leeper	helpgui	0	Developer
leeroymonkey	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
leethomason	lilith3d	1	No specific role
leethomason	micropather	1	No specific role
leethomason	tinyxml	1	No specific role
leeturner	jedit	0	No specific role
leewinder	cull	1	Project Manager
lefthand_pawel	lefthand	1	Developer
lefthand_robert	lefthand	1	No specific role
legalize	demokit	1	No specific role
leghk	projectapollo	1	No specific role
legion-alt	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
legless	xhuggle	0	Developer
legoater	log4cpp	0	Developer
legolas558	gladius	1	All-Hands Person
legolas558	nuntius	1	No specific role
legolas558	rwini	1	No specific role
legolas558	rwops	1	All-Hands Person
legolas558	uniportio	1	All-Hands Person
lehn	flens	1	Project Manager
lehner	lnc	0	Developer
leidola	gtk2forpascal	0	Developer
leifg	sourcecodetools	1	No specific role
leito_1980	objectbase	0	No specific role
leka	fltk	0	Developer
leka	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
lelissam	eclipse-gwt	1	No specific role
lemeunier	grinder	0	No specific role
lemmy01	slqbeans	1	No specific role
lemnik	eodsql	1	No specific role
lemo	lfc	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lemo	umlsculptor	1	All-Hands Person
lemur	stdnet	0	No specific role
leng001	daffodilnet	0	Developer
lenine	vsra	1	No specific role
lenisha	stxx	0	Developer
lennartgr	abstractdb	1	No specific role
lenov	sbo	1	Project Manager
lensborn	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
lenx	scripton	1	No specific role
lenzenc	smtpunit	1	No specific role
leomonus	xsltsl	0	Developer
leon007	xeumeuleu	0	Developer
leonard	python-ldap	1	Developer
leonardols	clx-report	0	Developer
leonchiver	concern	0	Developer
leonchiver	webx	1	No specific role
leonchiver	xcool	1	Developer
leon_kon	lkjson	1	No specific role
leoquijano	tacos	0	Developer
leo_forge	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
leo_sobral	mhpbox	1	Developer
lerc	nqn	1	No specific role
lesion	isoj2me	0	Developer
lestang	libsmtp	0	No specific role
lesto	thinking-forth	0	Developer
lestrrat	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
lesven	simplerss	0	Developer
lethal	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
lethevert	cleanoptenv	1	No specific role
letrait	sapia	0	No specific role
leung135	black-sun	1	No specific role
levelone	lowlevellib	1	Project Manager
leventyildiz	hattat	1	No specific role
levicm	chronometer	1	No specific role
levirosol	nteam	0	Developer
levitd	bigtwo	1	No specific role
levithian2k	nsrcp	1	Developer
lewicki	sqlfpas	1	No specific role
lexort	fann	0	Developer
lexusolution	testmaster	0	Developer
leyann	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
lf_sfnet	hwgui	0	Developer
lgilbert	iplib	0	All-Hands Person
lglawrence	jcmdline	1	No specific role
lglover04	ai-standards	0	Developer
lgyurics	bugzilla-hu	1	No specific role
lharkness	dets	1	No specific role
lhduc	truonganh	1	No specific role
lhende	merkwelt	0	Developer
lheuer	tmapi	0	Developer
lhirschy	eclipse-picdt	0	Developer
lhksoft	lhktools	1	No specific role
lhksoft	lkdbapi	1	No specific role
lhksoft	mjpgtools	1	No specific role
lholmgren	tporpheus	0	Developer
lholmgren	tpxmlpartner	0	Project Manager
lhoriman	domify	1	No specific role
lhoriman	junitee	0	No specific role
lhoriman	mav	1	No specific role
lhrasera	notarium	0	Doc Writer
lhunter	clocc	0	Developer
liam	clocc	0	No specific role
libatron	libatron	1	No specific role
libcw	libcw	1	All-Hands Person
libcw	libcwd	1	No specific role
liberatorusa	doxychecker	1	Project Manager
libes	expect	1	No specific role
libmluv	libmluv	1	No specific role
libuda	ltilib	0	Developer
libxc	mancxx	1	No specific role
liciacapra	xmiddle	1	No specific role
licinianus	epidoc	0	Developer
lient	xmlserializer	1	No specific role
lierojoh	progress2xls	0	All-Hands Person
lieseke	dynarr	0	Doc Writer
lifatov	xmlapplication	0	Developer
lifeleaf	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
lifespan	jlense	0	No specific role
ligado	etf	1	No specific role
lige	ltp	0	Developer
lightangel	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lightro	lightro2	1	No specific role
lijat	fairy	1	No specific role
likun-liu	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
lilantha	xmlpullparser	1	No specific role
lillo	alleg	0	Developer
lillo	allegrogl	0	Developer
lilsroro	wtl	0	Developer
lilygliding	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
limacat	limacat	1	No specific role
limhanchul	tle	0	Developer
limin9	jsftab	1	No specific role
linarms	nasperreports	1	No specific role
linbai	genie-framework	0	Developer
lindajs	ltp	0	Developer
lingyu	posixtest	1	Developer
link0000	litprog4j	1	No specific role
linkspeed	dotnetasmviewer	1	No specific role
linmain	wxplotterwindow	1	No specific role
linn	ai-standards	0	Developer
linnet	eclipse-tools	1	Developer
linostar	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
linshiqun	scim	0	Developer
linterra	xde	1	Project Manager
linus_nielsen	cdjlib	0	No specific role
linuxfan_	openstudio	0	No specific role
linuxpeter	qtcsharp	0	Developer
linuxrootadmn	jpreference	0	Developer
linuxx	facturalux	0	Developer
linuxxp	linux-xp	1	Unix Admin
linvald	variableeditor	1	No specific role
lio-sand	jedit	0	Developer
lion12345678910	myprograming	1	Project Manager
lionel_balme	slimlib	1	No specific role
lipatov	absolutex	0	No specific role
lipnikov	ani2d	1	Developer
liquidgod	mp3apollo	1	Project Manager
liquidnet_os	dialoglayout	1	No specific role
lirong	gtkwrapper	1	No specific role
lisa_lippincott	nitric	1	No specific role
lischke2	tmapi	0	Developer
lisphacker	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
lithium_	fbstlport	1	No specific role
liton	hexeditor	1	Project Manager
littlebuddy	openlegends	1	Project Manager
littlecooldude	textmenu	1	Developer
littlezoper	bosco	1	No specific role
little_freaky	tc-ipod-plugin	1	No specific role
liug	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
liushunian	kilter	0	No specific role
liuspider	scim	1	Project Manager
liuxuan01	countword	1	No specific role
liuxx	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
liuzf	bugfree	1	No specific role
livedev	cosf	0	Developer
live_python	livepython	1	No specific role
liviu_aurelian	classgraph	1	No specific role
liviu_aurelian	simplesqltools	1	No specific role
livshits	javabdd	0	Developer
li_hua_yu	jpolls	0	Developer
lj4ausa	devlb	1	No specific role
ljcoomber	yatl	1	No specific role
ljnelson	foundry	1	No specific role
ljrpicasso	opencbp	0	Developer
ljubica	ltilib	0	Developer
ljubo	g2	1	No specific role
ljulliar	texidoclet	1	No specific role
lkamenko	csbi	0	No specific role
lkhatskevitch	nunitasp	0	Developer
lkrecan	m2-repoindex	1	No specific role
llaiggai	wxdevide	1	Unix Admin
llanero	gtkmm	0	No specific role
llanger	ganef	1	Project Manager
lleavell	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
llee1	boost	0	Developer
lloydxx	cono	1	Project Manager
llturro	xmlvoc	1	No specific role
llutti	mystix	0	Developer
lmanderson	epidoc	0	No specific role
lmarzullo	cplusplus	0	Developer
lmarzullo	libappobj	1	No specific role
lmccay	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
lmeadors	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lmjohns3	gstreamer	0	Developer
lmottola	j2me-game-lib	1	No specific role
lockecj	crplugin	0	Developer
locnar	installoptions	1	Project Manager
locrian	ezsocket	1	No specific role
locvez	ogscorp	1	Developer
loddel	switch	1	No specific role
loewis	pypi	0	Developer
loganhanks	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
logicalgenetics	spang	1	Developer
logicblue	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
logos114	zipios	0	Developer
logosys	trvm	0	Developer
log_debug	log4cxx	0	Tester
loic	alpp	0	Developer
loic	unac	1	No specific role
lokedhs	ideamacs	1	No specific role
lokeshrj	esper	0	Developer
lokeshrj	idict	1	No specific role
loki_za	smartmaildotnet	1	No specific role
loko	infinitum8	1	Developer
loko	loko-jinx	1	No specific role
lomark	umds	1	No specific role
lomoff	notus	0	Developer
london567	errorsystem	0	Developer
loneranger	xmltraverse	1	Project Manager
lonetech	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
longir	gridarta	0	Developer
longobord	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
lonnie_pryor	blues	1	No specific role
lookm	repo2files	1	Project Manager
looksirdroids	fann	1	Developer
loonix	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
loonix	hibernate	0	Developer
loonix	ssh4j	1	Developer
loosifer	libmetrics	1	No specific role
loott	openvisa	1	Project Manager
lop	repo	1	No specific role
loqui	win32net	1	No specific role
lordandrej	sldragonproject	0	All-Hands Person
lordarchaon	csk	0	Developer
lordeidi	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
lordfilu	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
lordlust	jlcommand	1	No specific role
lordmyth	mythge	1	Project Manager
lordstrange	htmlssm	1	Developer
lordvitto	citric	1	Graphic/Other Designer
lord_le_brand	phpbbproject	1	No specific role
lord_satan	eviltrend	1	No specific role
lorelli	bekaffe	0	No specific role
lorelop	facturalux	0	No specific role
lorenzone92	emulearchaicus	1	No specific role
loryn	goanna	0	Developer
loshain	favalias	0	Tester
lostclus	libtimidity	1	No specific role
lostinet	rane	1	No specific role
lostingamma	opencocoa	1	No specific role
lostmybrain	jupdate	1	Project Manager
lotharcom	ebsd	1	No specific role
lothrop	libodbcxx	1	Developer
lotr	poe	0	Developer
loubyansky	hibernate	0	Developer
loudo	xoops	0	Developer
loufoque	phpmybot	1	No specific role
louisaricher	amakihi	1	Developer
louzada	clx-report	0	Developer
lovely	ps2dev	0	No specific role
loverde	ecb	0	Developer
lowdermilk	jacol	1	No specific role
lowjoel	upxgui	1	Project Manager
lowjoel	wxdsgn	0	Developer
lox24	scratchml	1	No specific role
loya	eimp	1	No specific role
lo_gafet	evts	1	Developer
lpackham	leesmp3class	1	No specific role
lparrab	uml	0	Developer
lpassey	domcapi	1	No specific role
lpassey	tidy	0	Developer
lpells	lispcplusplus	1	No specific role
lpenet	mpkg	1	No specific role
lpetit	pmr	0	Developer
lpezet	grupohci	0	Developer
lpezet	usecase	1	No specific role
lprada	sissystem	1	All-Hands Person
lrargerich	phpdocutron	1	No specific role
lricher	kicsa	1	Developer
lrm718	keel	0	Developer
lrodier	lrshelldotnet	1	No specific role
lrontyne	oslc	1	Project Manager
lrreine	clx-report	0	Developer
lruoso	perl-oak	0	Developer
lrz	rubycocoa	1	Developer
lscheidegger	blake	1	Unix Admin
lsh123	csharp-studio	1	Developer
lsiebert	amb	1	No specific role
lskbr	caboquinho	1	Project Manager
lsomchai	umlvm	0	Developer
lspwd	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lstreepy	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
lsusatyo	springnet	0	Developer
lsusatyo	transmogrify	0	No specific role
ltch	tagsea	1	Developer
lteemant	ltfx	0	No specific role
lteo	libroots	0	No specific role
ltilib	ltilib	0	Developer
luano	testpilot	1	Developer
luca85	lindo-language	1	No specific role
lucabar	ngenlib	1	No specific role
lucabariani	bayonne	0	Doc Writer
lucadex	kaistar	1	Project Manager
lucamar	phplet	1	No specific role
luca_picci	pylib3d	1	Developer
lucha	isoj2me	0	Developer
lucholaf	fit	0	Developer
luchorey	objectbase	0	Developer
lucianc	jasperreports	0	Developer
lucianomw	pymaemo	1	Developer
lucilla	kaistar	0	Developer
luciomaciel	gnutil	1	No specific role
lucky799999	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
lucky799999	lwneuralnetplus	1	Project Manager
luckyspin	jedit	0	No specific role
lucrus	justrun	1	Project Manager
ludo167	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
ludvigm	libcfgp	1	No specific role
luelljoc	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
luggage	nhibernate	0	Developer
luice	j-impa	1	No specific role
luigi_beast	ewc	0	Developer
luimon	genesis-ist	0	Developer
luisbermudez	vine	1	No specific role
luisf	encnet	0	No specific role
luis_miras	pelp	1	Developer
luizaujr	clx-report	0	Developer
luizfernando	objectcircuits	1	Developer
lukadotnet	nullabletypes	1	Project Manager
lukas2000	asmcrew	1	No specific role
lukas2000	uuu	0	Developer
lukas_eder	openwfe	0	Developer
luke-jr	moo3d	1	No specific role
luke-jr	moonix	1	No specific role
lukeazariah	otsys	1	No specific role
lukebayes	asunit	1	Project Manager
lukemaxon	maxonrules	1	No specific role
lukemaxon	nunitforms	1	No specific role
lukepeterson	iadatatypes	1	No specific role
luke_br	pmtools	0	Developer
luke_t	springframework	0	Developer
lukichev	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
luksch	mca2	0	Developer
lumata	lamp5	1	No specific role
lumer	ga-fwork-net	1	No specific role
luner	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
luoyuan	gcsf	0	Developer
lupino3	edumips64	1	Project Manager
lusse	ncdk	1	No specific role
lutzh	tapestry-jcr	1	No specific role
luugi	voodoo	0	No specific role
luvaul	xmidas-vim	1	No specific role
luxspes	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
luxspes	cemanahuatl	1	Developer
luxux	cfml	0	Developer
luzmendoza	xslt4exml	0	Developer
luzzyacentillo	dcrteam	1	Unix Admin
lvalics	comcenter	1	No specific role
lvanek	kxmleditor	1	Project Manager
lvoisin	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
lyardet	jhotdraw	0	Developer
lyceel	vess	0	Developer
lycj	cake	1	No specific role
lycono	lyconfig	1	No specific role
lydiardo	jdiagnose	0	Developer
lyin	epp-rtk	0	Developer
lykoszine	xoops	0	Developer
lyle	foxgui	1	No specific role
lyle	fxruby	1	No specific role
lylix	phpmywebhosting	0	Developer
lyndon	zeusagent	1	No specific role
lynix	tanglekit	0	Developer
lynosull	projman	0	Developer
l_ramirez	snap	0	Web Designer
m0nty_	xoops	0	Developer
m0rg	simulus-engine	1	Developer
m0rt	afkcfg	0	Developer
m0smith	sewer	1	No specific role
m2ward	rvtest	0	No specific role
m2xdev	m2x	1	No specific role
m477	lainos	1	Developer
m4d3l	xoops	0	Developer
m5sedan	jsptags	1	No specific role
m94asr	oobench	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
maarten4	vxglib	1	Developer
maartenc	dom4j	1	Developer
maartenc	joda-primitives	0	Developer
maartenclaes	linuxrtwrapper	1	No specific role
mab777	qcijutils	0	No specific role
mabdog27	exymen	0	Developer
mabdulfatah	dotlucene	0	No specific role
mabuka	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
macason	subethaclipse	1	No specific role
macbishop	aaio	1	No specific role
macbishop	sememu	1	No specific role
macbishop	tclap	1	Developer
macc68	coralfsp	1	No specific role
maccaf	javagfl-lib	1	Project Manager
macguru	macgurucplusuts	1	No specific role
macgyver014	ultrazig	1	Project Manager
maciejr	projects-briefc	1	No specific role
maciejr	wiser	1	No specific role
maciekmazur	topclipse	1	No specific role
macksold	jpui	1	No specific role
macmaster	phplib	0	Developer
macta	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
mad191	cpo	0	Developer
mad4j	hwh	1	No specific role
mada_jlu	gcsf	0	No specific role
madbanny	formhammer	0	Developer
madcowsrl	scarsrl	0	No specific role
maddog39	gse	1	No specific role
maddog666	holo	0	All-Hands Person
madduck	libkdtree	1	No specific role
madduck	s11n	1	All-Hands Person
madedit	madedit	1	Project Manager
madfire	asmcrew	1	Developer
madhatter7	pnencompass	1	Project Manager
madheshr	jxquick	0	No specific role
madleyreeves	jstorm	1	No specific role
madmanatw	pol-doc-devel	1	Developer
madmartigan	opengc	1	No specific role
madmaxie	concern	0	Developer
madmonky1	meditphp	1	No specific role
madonnax	xeril	1	No specific role
madvirus	tle	1	No specific role
maehdros	phpmxdb	1	Developer
maelh	synedit	0	Developer
maeste	jedit	0	Developer
maestro	freespeech	1	Developer
maetl_	arbiter	0	Requirements Engineering
maetl_	simpletest	0	Developer
maffione	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
mageos	guli	1	No specific role
maggie_mi	jroseviewer	0	No specific role
magi42	inanna	1	No specific role
magiconair	kxml	0	Developer
magiconair	resbundleedit	1	No specific role
magistr	libmcal	0	Developer
magnushult	wolfram	1	Project Manager
magoghm	ienjinia	1	No specific role
magotari	libqxt	0	Editorial/Content Writer
magr	wxcode	0	Developer
magse	gadesignlib	1	No specific role
magsilva	ideais	1	No specific role
maguro	mx4j	0	Developer
magus_spirit	genesiscomp	1	Project Manager
mahasak	phpappserver	1	No specific role
mahdiit	persiantools	1	No specific role
mahendra	progress2xls	0	Developer
mahmut1	merve	1	No specific role
mahop-haus	webgi2007	1	No specific role
maicrittmeier	quaterback-jcc	0	Developer
maihde	eclipse-picdt	1	Project Manager
maik1481	winautorun	1	No specific role
maiku41	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
mail2sivakumar	progress2xls	0	Developer
mailund	gtkeditor	1	No specific role
mailund	refchecker	1	Project Manager
mailund	sweepchecker	1	Project Manager
majax99	sofaa	0	Developer
majestic-12	lainos	1	Web Designer
majidawad	posixtest	0	Developer
majkel-k	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
major_77	rarm	0	Analysis / Design
makaron	pippyextras	1	No specific role
makeroo	dontpanic	1	Developer
makotos	tagprint	1	Project Manager
maks_polunin	wmxml	1	No specific role
malamut	jcapi	0	Developer
malanciault	xoops	0	No specific role
malat	wxvtk	1	Project Manager
malbari	wfnm	1	Developer
malbear	vaniglia	0	Developer
malby	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
malenfant	wxnet	0	Developer
malizia	gcforcpp	1	No specific role
malles	haste	1	Developer
malloc_all	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
malmok	cvk	1	No specific role
malversan	carpe	1	No specific role
malyvelky	jedit	0	Developer
mam2009	mastoo	1	Developer
mamachari	jsfilter	0	Developer
manager_65	exception4j	0	Project Manager
manasilonkar	jpolls	0	Developer
manav_rathi	nsis-scriptgen	1	No specific role
mancausoft	edumips64	0	Developer
mandbgames	deviroment	1	No specific role
mando_woodie	libavc1394	0	Developer
mandry	umds	1	Project Manager
manel1	xoops	0	Doc Writer
manelka	twostep	0	Developer
manfredwolff	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
manik	bugtracker	1	No specific role
manisys	wxedi	1	No specific role
manjahs	wslin	0	Developer
manjunaths	freesolid	0	Developer
mankitho	freeclx4sdl	1	No specific role
mantask	aamon	1	No specific role
manthena	jpmonitor	1	No specific role
manuang2	xp4ide	1	Developer
manuelkessler	cgnspp	1	Project Manager
manuel_bl	libxpp	1	No specific role
manush	libodbcxx	1	Developer
manus_eiffel	freeelks	1	Project Manager
manu_mr	template-lang	0	Analysis / Design
manyoso	qtcsharp	1	Project Manager
maomaode	jfcunit	0	Developer
mapcar	libbase32	0	No specific role
mapcar	libzstr	0	Developer
mapcar	pyutil	0	Developer
mapopa	gtksharpfire	1	No specific role
maqsoftware	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
marabella	digi	0	Developer
maralo	napt	0	Developer
mararsh	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
marayl	aug	1	Project Manager
marbenitez	protrak	1	Developer
marbro	cheiron	1	No specific role
marcaocouto	easyobjects	1	No specific role
marcato	jbanana	0	Developer
marcduerst	delphixref	1	Project Manager
marcduerst	projector	0	Developer
marcel	xaraya	1	Project Manager
marcelbodewitz	jfern	0	Developer
marceliinojava	market-garden	1	Developer
marcelj	jbluez	1	Project Manager
marcelkung	bitvector4j	1	No specific role
marcelkung	dominator	1	No specific role
marcelloptr	vcf	0	Developer
marcelloscata	mantisbt	0	Developer
marcelosaraujo	validate-ptbr	1	No specific role
marcelouy	virtdesk	1	All-Hands Person
marcelo_guara	ln-slack-maemo	1	Developer
marcelruff	log4cplus	0	Developer
marcelschoen	pluginbox	1	No specific role
marcenglund	millstone	0	Developer
marchy	jtreemap	1	Project Manager
marcinmilan	xaraya	1	Developer
marciodeg	teampuzzle	1	No specific role
marciodel	jclassmock	1	No specific role
marcmenghin	acmdoc	1	Project Manager
marcohu	jedit	0	No specific role
marcoinno	xippo	0	Developer
marconi	regexplorer	0	No specific role
marconidias	dbfw4j	0	No specific role
marconidias	uml4j	0	Developer
marcopiraccini	jbi4cics	1	No specific role
marcopiraccini	jbi4corba	1	No specific role
marcosffm	rainbow-eiffel	0	Developer
marcosgambeta	hwgui	0	Developer
marcosgambeta	t-gtk	0	No specific role
marcosgambeta	xhgtk	1	Developer
marcoslx	dedito	0	Editorial/Content Writer
marcotozzini	java-sms-api	1	No specific role
marcoxa	clocc	1	No specific role
marcoxa	ilisp	1	Developer
marco_7777	jarexplorer	1	No specific role
marco_hallo	findresource	1	No specific role
marco_miedl	cassandra	0	Developer
marcuscuda	dnanalytics	1	Developer
marcusd	ratestharness	1	Project Manager
marcus_c	adtools	0	Developer
marcus_c	amiflinker	1	No specific role
marcus_malcom	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
marcus_rickert	openquasar	0	Developer
marcus_uni	torero	1	No specific role
marcweber	vcf	0	Developer
marc_d	pclasses	0	Developer
mardulf	far-engine	1	Graphic/Other Designer
marek	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
margaridaromero	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
marhar	itcllib	1	No specific role
marhar	tclish	1	No specific role
mariachiara	vaniglia	0	Developer
marianor	dbrunner	1	No specific role
marianor	genericdal	1	No specific role
marijn	humano2	1	Project Manager
marineam	fcgp	0	Developer
marion	fraglets	1	No specific role
mario_baseda	cdk	0	No specific role
marissa_rabe	eaasyst	0	Developer
mariuss	regexplorer	1	No specific role
mariuss	yact	0	No specific role
mariusso	jeez	0	No specific role
mariuszcygan	resourcepocket	0	No specific role
mark-fisher	springframework	0	Developer
mark-wilkinson	nine-libs	1	No specific role
markbrindle	flexunit	1	Project Manager
markee174	jpedal	1	Developer
markflatischler	project-status	1	No specific role
markhop	dbunit-net	1	Developer
markie	libmcal	1	No specific role
markir	osdb	0	Developer
markjoshi	xlw	1	All-Hands Person
markjvickers	gloss	1	Project Manager
markkikken	doxychecker	0	No specific role
markmcbride	mx4j	0	Developer
markmccormack	wxextended	1	Project Manager
markmmullin	webpagescraper	1	Project Manager
markokocic	pyprojs	1	Project Manager
markoniemi	epfe	0	Developer
markonjezic	synedit	0	No specific role
markono5	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
markoschulz	ref-planner	1	No specific role
markoumek	ht-commons	0	No specific role
markpearse	exegraph	1	Project Manager
markpearse	vlx	0	Developer
markpetryk	libqxt	0	Developer
markphahn	finj	0	Developer
markpollack	rvtest	1	No specific role
markpollack	springframework	0	Developer
markpollack	springnet	1	No specific role
markstanton	codebook	0	Developer
markstephens	sugarhouse	1	No specific role
marktoml	clipsinterface	1	Developer
marktoml	ibug	0	Developer
marktoml	openclips	1	Developer
markus-karg	deepj	1	Project Manager
markus-karg	ejbfc	1	Project Manager
markus-karg	rafc	1	Project Manager
markusheinz	libinklevel	1	No specific role
markusjohansson	asmbuilder	1	No specific role
markusoj	mymodules	1	No specific role
markusplangg	acmdoc	1	Developer
markussp	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
markus_palme	dotnetdiffmerge	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
markus_palme	vb-doc	1	Project Manager
markware	xlattice	0	No specific role
markwkm	osdldbt	1	Developer
markwkm	stp	1	Developer
markybry	flinkset	1	No specific role
mark_godfrey	dets	1	All-Hands Person
mark_g_james	distcollab	1	Project Manager
mark_lentczner	ptypes	0	Developer
mark_postal	wmscc	1	Developer
mark_rodgers	boost	0	Developer
marleydc	xtrans	1	No specific role
marlom9000	compilo	1	No specific role
marms	synedit	0	Developer
marni	jfern	1	No specific role
marnix	same	1	No specific role
maronoff99	hydra3d	1	Developer
marpierc	vlab	1	Developer
marquardt	jcl	0	Developer
marquardt	jvcl	0	Developer
marquardt	libusb-win32	0	Developer
marquee	openpjb	0	Developer
marquinhosnt	fortesreport	0	Developer
marrs	smoothmetal	1	No specific role
mars-man	merida	1	No specific role
mars-man	ndbunit	1	No specific role
marshall_law	hibernate	0	Developer
marshall_law	jbpm	0	No specific role
marshals	claro	0	Developer
marsiglia	haste	1	Developer
marthursson	ldaptemplate	1	Project Manager
marthursson	springframework	0	Developer
martianx	sshtools	1	All-Hands Person
martijnbaels	jxpfw	0	Developer
martijnislief	wxhaskell	0	Developer
martijntonies	uopl	0	Developer
martin3	txt2xml	1	Unix Admin
martin33	dattel	1	Project Manager
martindowie	gnat4oa	1	No specific role
martinfleurke	jfern	0	Developer
martingallagher	lfp	0	Developer
martinharring	doxys	1	Project Manager
martinjakubik	theclublisher	1	Project Manager
martinjn	ltp	0	Developer
martinka	xinity	1	No specific role
martinkozak	redbase	1	All-Hands Person
martinli	eibcontrol	0	Developer
martinmartin	uuu	0	Developer
martinpruefer	visualstruts	1	Developer
martinschoeberl	wsis	1	Project Manager
martinsfromb	wxcode	0	Developer
martinspiller	plstrutsit	0	Developer
martin_aubele	cassandra	1	Project Manager
martin_konicek	smartbee	1	Project Manager
martin_messerli	report	0	Developer
martin_nichol	jdna	1	Project Manager
martin_wille	boost	0	Developer
martitm	cdk	0	Developer
martoh	hermesweb	0	Tester
martolong	c-open-smpp-34	1	Developer
martyna	menda	0	Web Designer
martypoulin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
marvin79	berserk	0	No specific role
marvinr	c2html	1	No specific role
marvotron	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
marx-gomes	saguim	1	No specific role
marybrady	xmlconf	0	No specific role
maryedie	osdldbt	0	Developer
maryvardigan	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
marzullo	opengrid	0	Developer
masakatsu	met	1	No specific role
masakatsu	mmt	1	No specific role
masamic	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
masanakahara	optionzero	0	Developer
mascha1	weta	0	Project Manager
maschine	mp-plugins	0	Developer
masecvsaccount	mase	1	Developer
mashe	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
masi	liblatin1	1	No specific role
masilis	chaosengine	1	Analysis / Design
maslan	maslanassembly	1	No specific role
maso79	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
maso79	lwneuralnetplus	1	No specific role
masoft	co2	0	No specific role
masogato	gdapi	1	No specific role
masogato	jdolplugin	1	No specific role
massayoshi	uml4j	0	Developer
massilla	o3dge	1	Project Manager
masszani	easywhois	1	Developer
mastaflex	phpmychangelog	0	No specific role
mastakaneda	as2lib	1	Project Manager
mastergaurav	ecmp	1	No specific role
mastergaurav	foco	1	No specific role
master_jaf	imdbpy	0	Developer
masukomi	ibatisbreakdown	0	Developer
mat007	xeumeuleu	1	Developer
matand009	xoops	0	Developer
matben	tclspeech	1	No specific role
matbuckland	ai-standards	0	Developer
mateo41	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
mathematician	pyobjfs	1	No specific role
matheusleite	objectcircuits	1	Project Manager
mathewparet	javascriptlib	1	No specific role
mathewww	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
mathiasbr	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
mathiask	storyserver	1	No specific role
mathiaskoch	boost	0	Developer
mathis	tango	1	No specific role
mathix	phpbase	1	No specific role
mathpup	qtcsharp	1	Project Manager
matiu	pygecko	1	No specific role
mati_pl	taskplanner	1	No specific role
matlackb	workzen	1	No specific role
matley	cilk	1	No specific role
matli	gnat-florist	0	Developer
matomira	clore	1	No specific role
matpe	gtkhexmap	1	Project Manager
matrice64	raptorplatform	1	Developer
matrix--	jatclib	1	Developer
matrix--	sundowner	1	Project Manager
matrix--	unwritten	1	No specific role
mats101	cs-school	1	Project Manager
matsebc	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
matsh	cdjlib	0	Developer
matsh	jxunit	0	No specific role
matsl	cdjlib	0	Developer
matsys	cstring	1	No specific role
matsys	openrj	1	No specific role
matsys	pantheios	1	No specific role
matsys	shwild	1	Developer
matsys	systemtools	1	No specific role
matsys	yard-parser	1	No specific role
matt-jl	gotjava	1	Project Manager
matt-o	digphp	1	No specific role
mattam	camomile	0	Developer
mattberry	phpxmlrep	1	No specific role
mattbiehl	cloneanalyzer	1	No specific role
mattboy99	xchattercore	1	No specific role
mattc	jfcunit	1	No specific role
matteo_bertozzi	ash-valley	1	No specific role
mattflower	jedit	0	No specific role
mattfryer	activegrid	0	Developer
matthalstead	cellml	1	All-Hands Person
matthewbrett	gnumex	1	No specific role
matthewharrison	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
matthewthegrey	objectbase	0	Developer
matthias1707	cassandra	0	Developer
matthiasanlauff	a-s-m	1	Project Manager
matthiasanlauff	xasm	1	Project Manager
matthiasmaurer	lagoony	1	Developer
matthiaswm	fltk	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
matthias_herp	privaccessor	0	Doc Writer
matthias_veit	rlogview	1	No specific role
matthias_veit	robjectteam	1	No specific role
matth_rd	kamaelia	1	Developer
mattinx	oftc	1	Developer
mattj	openqueue	1	No specific role
mattlewis	wxeuphoria	1	All-Hands Person
mattmcnulty	activegrid	0	Developer
mattnapier	axualize	0	No specific role
mattnapier	swang	0	Developer
matts22	chamatools	1	No specific role
matts22	jgep	1	No specific role
matts22	sexpr	1	No specific role
mattwat	turbopad	1	Project Manager
mattwood1	scout	1	No specific role
matt_etheridge	jedit	0	No specific role
matt_n	grunt	1	No specific role
matt_s	sdlsplash	1	No specific role
matt_trentini	cxxgui	0	No specific role
matzek	opendocser	1	No specific role
matzon	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
maudalo	qunit	1	No specific role
maugrim_t_r	simpletest	0	Developer
mauhuur	oci8ml	1	No specific role
mault	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
maunus	bstutils	1	No specific role
maunza	joelib	0	Developer
mauriceling	ib-dwb	1	Project Manager
mauriceling	jmaths	1	No specific role
mauriceling	opendws	1	Project Manager
mauricioperez	prkmanager	1	No specific role
mauriliolongo	hwgui	0	Developer
mauritsvanrees	phost-contrib	0	Developer
maurmo	openvisa	0	Developer
maurofalcao	firnix	0	No specific role
maurotaveira	coronelado	0	Developer
mavaughan	jedimath	0	Developer
mavensync	oness	0	No specific role
mavmic	simplemerge	1	Developer
mavrekh	phplib	0	No specific role
mavu	ojama	1	No specific role
max83t	edumips64	0	Developer
maxcooper	securityfilter	1	Project Manager
maxcooper	sslext	0	Developer
maxcsaucdk	hibernate	1	Developer
maxcsaucdk	yajul	0	Developer
maxim-r	torba	1	No specific role
maxime2	ccull	1	No specific role
maxime2	conststring	1	No specific role
maximzhao	pipe2	0	Developer
maxkhaskin	galg	1	No specific role
maxkr	cati	1	No specific role
maxlego	m-f-w	1	No specific role
maxm-74	lua4delphi	1	No specific role
maxmars	libgba	0	Developer
maxtors	rspe	1	Developer
maxtuno	corsolas	1	No specific role
maxvirtual	maxvirtual	1	No specific role
maxxis	osdb	0	Developer
max_av	libtermsrv	1	No specific role
maynardd	cetools	1	No specific role
mayrk	openshore	0	Developer
maysjw	synedit	0	Developer
mayur_naik	jdbf	0	Support Manager
mazaczek	msdk	0	Developer
mazen_neifer	apashtm	0	Developer
ma_ku	phpbt	0	Developer
ma_reklov	unidbl	1	No specific role
mb0	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
mbaas	pyode	1	No specific role
mbadolato	apdevteam	1	No specific role
mbadran	mbmisc	1	No specific role
mbagepll	esiobjects	0	Developer
mbaker	pysdl	1	No specific role
mballa	ogpm	0	Developer
mballa	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
mballesteros	ewc	1	No specific role
mballesteros	lunea	0	Developer
mballesteros	phpmedia	0	No specific role
mbalves	mano	0	No specific role
mbarbon	cpanplus	0	Tester
mbarchfe	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
mbardiaux	xlt	0	Developer
mbass	adurant	1	Developer
mbatsis	sarissa	1	No specific role
mbaudier	djanet	1	No specific role
mbaudier	prenzl	1	Project Manager
mbax	uemr	1	No specific role
mbbx6spp	editmate	1	No specific role
mbcolbert	workflow4j	0	All-Hands Person
mbecker_kassel	phpeclipse	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mbecker_kassel	sodaconfig	1	No specific role
mbelonga	jaxen	0	Developer
mbelonga	saxpath	0	Developer
mbelop	libdms	0	Developer
mbenke	agda	1	Developer
mberg	tomcatide	1	No specific role
mbergal	boost	0	Developer
mbertagnini	kaistar	1	Project Manager
mbf	linux-xp	1	Project Manager
mbj	btt	1	Developer
mblanton	gedcom2xml	1	No specific role
mblasi	jregression	1	All-Hands Person
mbogosian	pypaws	1	No specific role
mboutoukou	javaml	0	No specific role
mbowler	gsbase	1	Project Manager
mbox	lxr	1	All-Hands Person
mbp	fcgp	1	Developer
mbp	librsync	1	All-Hands Person
mbp	tdb	0	Developer
mbrennan	jaxen	0	Developer
mbrennan	swan	1	No specific role
mbrock	gelatin	1	No specific role
mbronni	djanet	1	No specific role
mbrowning	myphpnuke	0	Developer
mbs99	dom4cpp	1	No specific role
mbulava	ldapdotnetlib	0	Developer
mbuna	peak	1	Project Manager
mbusik	fit	0	No specific role
mca-gdl	perlunit	0	Developer
mca1001	perlunit	1	Developer
mcarkan	eslib	1	No specific role
mcarro	ciaoprolog	1	No specific role
mcastrillo	monoworkshop	1	No specific role
mcatan	log4cxx	1	No specific role
mcavoym	id-validate	0	Developer
mcbridem2004	jfig	0	No specific role
mccabe	pylirc	1	No specific role
mccain	auth	1	No specific role
mccdou	cadkit	0	Developer
mcclegd	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mccollough	wdkeclipseplug	0	Developer
mccoy	libbase32	0	Developer
mccoy	libzstr	0	Developer
mccoy	libzutil	0	Developer
mccoy	pyutil	0	Developer
mcdave	freeglut	0	Developer
mceric	fd-doc	1	Project Manager
mcfletch	basicproperty	1	No specific role
mcfletch	ctypes	0	No specific role
mcfletch	pyjtf	1	Project Manager
mcfletch	resourcepackage	1	No specific role
mcfletch	simpleparse	1	No specific role
mcfletch	wxpypropdist	1	No specific role
mcglen	openclips	1	Developer
mcglen	xasm	0	Developer
mcgredo	npsnetv	1	Developer
mchady	ai-standards	0	Developer
mchaves	batchrenamer	1	No specific role
mchirico	cpearls	1	No specific role
mckenzie_keith	gaul	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
mckeonm	ideamacs	1	Developer
mcl032	essensoft	1	No specific role
mcleines	xoops	0	Developer
mclow	boost	0	Developer
mclow	nitric	1	Developer
mclow	whisper2	0	Developer
mcmanamon	esiobjects	0	No specific role
mcmoe	syspect	0	Developer
mcnaz7	xoops	0	Developer
mcomtois	regexcreator	1	No specific role
mcongdon	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mcongedo	jedimath	0	Developer
mcourtot	sbo	1	No specific role
mcpadawan	keel	0	Developer
mcpierce	j2me-microgui	1	Project Manager
mcquak	jadsi	1	No specific role
mcquak	quml	1	Project Manager
mcrandello	queried	0	Developer
mcspy0312	exmat	0	Developer
mcs_developer	mcs-server	1	Developer
mcu	libd20	1	Project Manager
mcunha	cdx	0	Developer
mcurf	s3fc	1	Developer
mcurphey	owasp-input-api	1	No specific role
mdaenzer	phpautodoc	1	Project Manager
mdamour1976	jfreereport	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mdausmann	simplyvbunit	0	Developer
mdc	omega	0	No specific role
mdc-omega	omega	0	No specific role
mdean	dcl	1	Project Manager
mdejong	sourcebase	1	Developer
mdejong	tkgs	1	No specific role
mdelara	notarium	1	Project Manager
mdenty	jnative	1	No specific role
mderk	phplib	0	Developer
mdeshane	xoops	0	Developer
mdesmond	fluideditor	1	No specific role
mdesmond	tagsea	1	No specific role
mdewilde	opensde	1	Project Manager
mdiggory	ddi-alliance	1	Project Manager
mdillon	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
mdillon	jedit-plugins	1	All-Hands Person
mdipenta	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
mdjone2	epidoc	0	Developer
mdl_kid	vlab	1	Project Manager
mdovey	jafer	1	Project Manager
mdp24	incgraph	1	No specific role
mdpaciga	herecast	1	No specific role
mdsimpson	jfig	0	Developer
mdspencer	java-joint	1	No specific role
mdsrlz	nhproviders	1	No specific role
mdumic	springnet	0	Developer
mduncan	freeclx	0	Developer
mdupont	eulersharp	0	Developer
mdwyer	hammerhead	1	No specific role
mdx2	fepy	0	No specific role
meades	xcache	1	All-Hands Person
mecva	dbfw4j	1	Content Management
mecva	uml4j	1	Project Manager
medavidson	jsh	1	Project Manager
medb	synd	1	No specific role
medcure	dosemu-daemon05	1	No specific role
meddochat	indy-net	1	No specific role
meddochat	napoleon	1	No specific role
meddochat	ndal	1	No specific role
mediumnet	jedit	0	Developer
medjamaica	helpdesk1	1	Project Manager
medkouri	xtremesuite	0	No specific role
medshah	aipl	1	No specific role
medu	ganimede	1	Project Manager
meebey	jconfd	1	No specific role
meebey	phpsmartirc	1	Project Manager
meebey	smartirc4net	1	No specific role
meedaz	bluewonder	0	Tester
meenymojo	gelatin	1	All-Hands Person
meeroh	extendamac	1	No specific role
meeroh	whisper2	0	Developer
meeuw	libbash	0	Developer
megawati	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
meggleton	jrsyncwrapper	1	No specific role
meghdoot	linuxversion	1	No specific role
megid	coat	1	No specific role
megli	xweaver	1	Developer
meh123	elips	0	Developer
mehdid	phpxbuilder	1	Developer
mehta	rodin-b-sharp	0	No specific role
meink	clxmlserial	0	Developer
mekanizer	nesdevkit	1	Project Manager
mekent	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
mekovich	cdk	0	Developer
melao	clx-report	0	Developer
melcher	programanalysis	0	All-Hands Person
meldrum	thinking-forth	0	Developer
melisgl	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
melissa168	jitter	0	Developer
melq	collection-cpp	1	No specific role
melquiades	eidola	1	No specific role
melquiades	innig-util	1	No specific role
membar	eclipselauncher	0	No specific role
memring	boost	0	Developer
mendsley	freeallegiance	0	No specific role
mendyke	ruby-fltk	0	Developer
mengel	nuweb	1	No specific role
menggb	olims	1	No specific role
mengland	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
mennigmann	icsp	1	No specific role
mensini	kaistar	0	Developer
mensk	cayenne	1	All-Hands Person
mensk	jstaple	1	No specific role
mensk	multieof	1	No specific role
mensonge	seedbed	1	No specific role
menuetlibc	menuetlibc	1	No specific role
menulis	jdbforms	0	Developer
menzel	ejosa	1	Project Manager
mephidmann	boardmod	0	Developer
mephidmann	jkurses	1	No specific role
merbst	phpdbinstall	1	No specific role
merc64	jsedit	0	Developer
mercibe	xoops	0	Developer
merdmann	ascl	1	All-Hands Person
meredydd	xmlrpc-debug	1	No specific role
merel	pybsddb	0	Developer
meren	gnu-tr	0	Developer
merkuriev	comedia	0	Developer
merlincorey	mklientsdk	1	No specific role
merlinke	multi-platformc	1	No specific role
merlinld	lcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
merry_way	processclass	1	No specific role
mes5k	csbi	0	Developer
mes5k	tclap	1	No specific role
meshula	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
message	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
messie	autorealm	0	Developer
messy	opencbp	0	Developer
metalised	metalisedxml	1	No specific role
metalskin	mjcalander	1	No specific role
metanull	exomeme	1	No specific role
meterman	cidee	1	No specific role
methodicalj	diode	1	No specific role
mev	slyboots	1	No specific role
meyek	chaosengine	0	Developer
mezantrop	empty	1	No specific role
mfabian	scim	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mfabiop	jclassmock	0	Developer
mfaucher	bitreflexds	0	Developer
mfe4	cdk	0	Developer
mfeathers	fit	0	Developer
mferris	mokit	1	Project Manager
mfnickster	resknife	0	No specific role
mfoegen	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
mforster	eplug	1	No specific role
mfranceschini	collections15	0	Developer
mfrid	lintcheck	1	No specific role
mfuzzey	mx4j	0	Developer
mfx_	mnxj	1	No specific role
mgaertner	gtk2forpascal	1	No specific role
mgaruizenaar	spyse	0	Developer
mgebha	eplug	0	Developer
mgebha	jdemo	1	Developer
mgebha	labeldecorator	1	Developer
mgedmin	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
mgeisler	pel	1	Project Manager
mgeramb	nsrcp	1	No specific role
mggrant	python-xlib	1	Developer
mgilfix	wxcolourchooser	1	No specific role
mgineer1	scal-2	1	No specific role
mgl	harness	1	No specific role
mgm	nmock2	1	Developer
mgmartins	freemmg	0	Developer
mgofficial	mgcore	1	No specific role
mgogoi	favalias	0	Developer
mgooderum	libpdel	1	Project Manager
mgore	mx4j	0	Developer
mgpapp	brainterrace	1	No specific role
mgrant79	hourglass	1	Project Manager
mgricken	drjava	1	Developer
mgriffel	bgclass	1	No specific role
mgriffel	opendte	1	Project Manager
mgroner	replipool	1	No specific role
mgruenke	schemadoc	1	No specific role
mgruenke	xml-extractor	1	No specific role
mgruff	arbiter	1	Developer
mgruff	cereal-web-kit	1	Developer
mha13	scex	1	No specific role
mhabbert	ganymede	0	Developer
mhagger	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
mhald	drools	0	Developer
mhammond	python-ldap	0	Developer
mharhen	informa	0	Developer
mharhen	rsstaglib	1	No specific role
mharin	avango	0	Developer
mharing	faq-it	1	Project Manager
mhearn	sfsetup	1	No specific role
mhenz	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
mhgrove	cweb	0	Developer
mhicaube	vlab	0	Developer
mhier	pilib	1	No specific role
mhoesch	jmousewheel	1	Developer
mhorie	voicecode	0	Developer
mhowlett	ccpgplot	1	No specific role
mhtierney	dozer	1	Developer
mhuang	ilabs	1	Developer
mhummel	xsltsl	0	Developer
mhuot	jrobin	0	No specific role
mi007	debiancell	0	Developer
miajdan	ivm	0	Developer
mibaltd	mcllib	1	No specific role
mibarra82	sophy	1	No specific role
mibraun	remoteupdate	1	No specific role
micahgeek	pydar	1	No specific role
micah_modell	javabeantester	1	Project Manager
micampe	moleskine	1	No specific role
micci	tagprint	1	Project Manager
micethomas	caps-toggle	1	No specific role
michae1	microframe	1	No specific role
michael	dvdxml	1	No specific role
michaelbutler	mbeanconfig	1	Project Manager
michaeldavidcox	nplanner	0	Developer
michaelegray	commsvcfw	0	Developer
michaelfalconer	eiffelfox	0	Developer
michaelferrante	xproadmap	1	Developer
michaelh	reattore	1	No specific role
michaelhale	rubyeclipse	0	All-Hands Person
michaelhokamp	xoops	0	Web Designer
michaelkuhn	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Project Manager
michaelleung	ride-me	1	No specific role
michaelman	prowser	1	Developer
michaelmess	owinlib	1	No specific role
michaelprager	boardmod	1	Project Manager
michaelrhead	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
michaeltaft	memento	1	Project Manager
michaeltsai	log4cocoa	1	Developer
michael_davey	cjan	1	Project Manager
michael_davey	javasysinfo	1	Developer
michael_hora	openwince	1	Developer
michael_lindig	cassandra	0	Developer
michal017	nnl	1	No specific role
michalpise	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
michalsc	adtools	0	Developer
michalyoung	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
michel	spyse	0	Developer
michelan	libup	1	No specific role
michelazevedo	gcslib	1	Developer
michelcoene	karekol	1	No specific role
michelg	abkit	1	No specific role
michelg	jasm-game	1	No specific role
michelg	tinysh	1	No specific role
micheloe	mp-plugins	0	Developer
michelsanner	jpe	0	Developer
michfrm	cubeforbatch	1	No specific role
michtoen	gridarta	0	Developer
mickthornhill	jedit	0	No specific role
micktwomey	pypi	0	Developer
mick_mac	fret	1	No specific role
micro301	gameframework	1	No specific role
microshare	microshare	1	Project Manager
microwerx	fluxions	1	No specific role
micsa	jreleaser	1	No specific role
midori	jmichelle	1	Developer
midori	jmidoriservice	1	No specific role
midzic	ivm	1	No specific role
miekeleeman	raftnet	1	Developer
miep	soapbar	1	No specific role
migrosdata	h-xoops	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
migueljmol	cdk	0	Developer
miguelrojasch	cdk	0	Developer
mihaipostelnicu	digi	0	Developer
mihai_preda	picostorage	1	No specific role
mihi	cfml	0	Developer
mijklh	dialoglayout	1	No specific role
miju	jmove	1	No specific role
mikbry	mee	1	No specific role
mike-harding	gmc4j	1	Developer
mike0ee	hopper	0	Developer
mike2	nunit	1	Developer
mike2410	athenamp	1	No specific role
mike808	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
mike9010	ez2d	1	No specific role
mikeashe	ogpm	0	No specific role
mikeatkinson	jedit	0	Developer
mikebd	amakihi	0	Developer
mikecraig	wireframetool	0	Developer
mikecurwen	quartz	0	Web Designer
mikedoerfler	nhibernate	1	Developer
mikeed	jsmeg	1	No specific role
mikefinn	wmqtools	1	Developer
mikegr	gnatsbrowser	1	No specific role
mikegrb	oftc	0	Developer
mikehardy	filterlib	1	No specific role
mikelevins	alpaca	1	Developer
mikelly	midnightxen	1	No specific role
mikelu73	matplotlib	0	Developer
mikelupu	ataraxia	0	Developer
mikelynch229	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
mikemayer	msquared	1	No specific role
mikeoliveraz	axis4struts	1	No specific role
mikeolson	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
mikepb78	dts	1	All-Hands Person
mikepb78	zxf	1	No specific role
mikepratt	codebook	0	Developer
mikeradford	s11n	0	Developer
mikeroberts	netreflector	0	No specific role
mikesch	opframeworks	1	No specific role
mikespub	xaraya	1	Developer
mikesxf	wbhelpproject	0	Developer
miketyler	tcpcomponents	1	No specific role
mikew	qmc	1	No specific role
mikewill_1998	jvalid	1	Project Manager
mike_carney	sqlfamily	0	Developer
mike_hart	idxml	0	No specific role
mike_werner	jpls	1	Developer
mikhail_beris	dispatcher	1	Developer
mikheil	digi	0	Developer
mikheil	penub	0	Developer
mikkey	jagzilla	1	No specific role
mikkey	pmd	0	Developer
mikl	btt	0	No specific role
mikosoft	pulpit	1	No specific role
mikpe	perfctr	1	No specific role
mikup	notus	0	Developer
mikyaiello	vaniglia	1	Project Manager
milbak	wsis	0	Developer
milek	lib5600x	1	No specific role
milesegan	sbcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
milesscotch	dets	1	All-Hands Person
milev_r	lmappletserver	0	Developer
milhouse26	xoops	0	Developer
millergh	cep	0	Project Manager
millershane	tinternetquery	1	No specific role
miller_m	piru	1	No specific role
millyseon	jakarta-k	0	Developer
milosh23	dw2k1	1	No specific role
milow	dottesttoolkit	1	No specific role
miltman	freespeech	0	Developer
mimaus	owinlib	0	Developer
mimerbg	mimerpm	0	Developer
mimerdk	microbrowser	1	Developer
mimil	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
mimil	jfreereport	0	Developer
minamhere	fdconsole	0	Developer
minco	jporta	0	Developer
mindbridge	tapestry	0	Developer
mindcry	cdx	0	Developer
mindstorm2600	clawlib	1	No specific role
mindtrader	mimersbrunn	1	Project Manager
mindtriggerz	gxmlmts	1	No specific role
minehe	mitochondria	1	No specific role
minghong	moznews	0	No specific role
minh0001	meta-jb	0	No specific role
minimalism	elfembed	1	No specific role
minkiux	tx-engine	1	Project Manager
minus273	catb-bg	1	No specific role
min_xu	osdldbt	0	Developer
miojio	eclauncher	1	No specific role
miojio	jakarta-k	1	No specific role
miojio	mx4j	0	Developer
miple	lovall	1	No specific role
mipsator	gredit	1	No specific role
miracle2k	synedit	0	No specific role
miranamon	masking	1	No specific role
mircomusolesi	xmiddle	1	No specific role
mirkasim	finj	0	Developer
mirkochip	edumips64	0	Developer
mirkostocker	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
mirkoz	java2cdif	1	Project Manager
miroman	oftc	1	Developer
miroman	uuu	0	Web Designer
miroslavp	dbhcombo	1	No specific role
mirrorbox	phptags	1	No specific role
mirrorsh	giter	1	All-Hands Person
mirviv	emotion	1	Developer
mis232	fiberspp	1	No specific role
mis232	strsw	1	No specific role
misanek	shared-pool	1	No specific role
miscellone	vbisam	0	Developer
misha	anjuta	0	Editorial/Content Writer
misha	gvrflash	0	Graphic/Other Designer
mish_the_fish	pcre	1	No specific role
mispunt	vcf	0	Developer
missingintellec	pnotepad	0	Developer
misterdj	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
mistert_sparal	sparal	1	No specific role
mistevens	boost	0	Developer
mistik	aptesting	1	Project Manager
mitch69	sqlfamily	1	Project Manager
mithyt2	xoops	0	Developer
mitomane	isoj2me	0	Developer
mivabe	poisonx	1	Developer
mix-r	pixel-team	1	No specific role
miyachi	cactus4enhydra	1	No specific role
miyagawa-t	parseperl	0	Developer
miyahara-n	agda	0	Web Designer
mizar_sf	thunderblitz	1	No specific role
mizy	autorealm	0	Developer
mja	ddepp	1	Project Manager
mjadud	schematics	1	Project Manager
mjae	eprog	1	Developer
mjakl	dbmanager	1	Project Manager
mjansen	efsa	1	No specific role
mjanssen	sql-lv	0	Developer
mjantz	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
mjc	arts	0	Developer
mjclm	minc	1	No specific role
mjericho	jerichohtml	1	No specific role
mjevers	blijf	0	All-Hands Person
mjfoord	pythonutils	1	No specific role
mjheikk2	jreleaser	1	Project Manager
mjla	rtpdemo	0	No specific role
mjmaisey	inprocess	1	No specific role
mjnat	flasm	0	No specific role
mjou	earcon-adf	0	Developer
mjpinte	egovtyrol	0	No specific role
mjpolanco	snap	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mjustin	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
mjw106	pipe2	1	Developer
mj_cole	openlvlibs	1	No specific role
mkaemmerer	tpipro	1	Developer
mkallman	xsix	1	No specific role
mkamp	service-cache	0	Developer
mkarasek	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
mkarthikeyan	translet	1	No specific role
mkbauer	jgoose	1	Project Manager
mkejzar	jedit	0	No specific role
mkelleyharris	fit	0	Developer
mkempka	javaquantity	1	Developer
mkerbiquet	code-browser	1	No specific role
mkernel	gengine	1	Developer
mkestner	gtk-sharp	1	No specific role
mkienenb	cayenne	0	Developer
mkleehammer	pyodbc	1	Developer
mkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
mkloss	mmsg	1	No specific role
mkobetic	ctms	1	No specific role
mkobold	isql	1	All-Hands Person
mkoeppe	ilisp	0	Developer
mkolisek	misterengine	0	Developer
mkosmul	inifile	0	Developer
mkprog	vsbugtrackernet	1	No specific role
mkrzemien	sharedpool	1	No specific role
mktmk	exe2rom	1	No specific role
mktmk	muntl	1	No specific role
mkturner	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
mkueper	dtexpert	1	All-Hands Person
mkural	basicportal	0	No specific role
mkurjano	service-cache	1	Project Manager
mkzmx	libconio	1	No specific role
mlaan	ispp	0	Project Manager
mlacecilia	hwgui	0	Developer
mlacunza	bibliocode	1	No specific role
mlaflamm	dbunit	1	All-Hands Person
mlamb	jsap	1	No specific role
mlamb	trivialpersist	1	No specific role
mlang	haskell-libs	0	Developer
mlanger	notarium	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
mlavergn	jvb	1	No specific role
mlavwilson	gfw	1	No specific role
mlavwilson	valuelist	1	Project Manager
mlconnor	formlayoutmaker	1	No specific role
mleeman	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
mlemaudit	cdk	0	Developer
mlemay	freespeech	0	Developer
mlescuyer	cdt-contrib	0	No specific role
mlh	xython	1	No specific role
mlie	phpreportlib	1	No specific role
mlipp	aac-xforms	1	Project Manager
mlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
mlipper	chronicj	1	No specific role
mlippert	ajeer	1	No specific role
mlippert	jfreeprofcenter	0	Developer
mloehr	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
mloos	openpjb	1	Project Manager
mlopezvrus	tpessence	0	Developer
mloskot	cpptk	0	Developer
mloskot	scusi	0	Developer
mloskot	wcelibcex	1	Project Manager
mlotko	stefan	1	No specific role
mlsoft	qmysqledit	1	No specific role
mluker	lumberjack	1	No specific role
mlukichev	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
mlutken	doxys	1	No specific role
mlybbert	heron	1	Project Manager
mlybbert	yard-parser	1	Project Manager
mm765	lightfeather	1	No specific role
mmacdona	browsebyquery	1	No specific role
mmahathi	diduce	0	Developer
mmajczak	ilabs	1	Developer
mmalai	emlvoting	1	All-Hands Person
mmarcom	strutsws	0	Developer
mmartin2	z80eclipse	1	No specific role
mmastrac	bugzillanet	1	No specific role
mmavrov	binddata2ui	1	No specific role
mmclennan	blt	0	Developer
mmclennan	tclish	1	No specific role
mmcmanus	exegraph	1	Project Manager
mmcnamee	mtjunit	1	No specific role
mmeeks	gstreamer	0	Developer
mmg_kraus	mkextensions	1	No specific role
mmhohman	coldunit	1	Project Manager
mmieszek	jbpm	0	No specific role
mmiissp	openprintassist	1	Project Manager
mmimica	alleg	0	Developer
mmimica	allegrogl	0	Developer
mmjohnso	zclipse	0	All-Hands Person
mmoulton	mav	1	Developer
mmt	voji	0	Developer
mmteam	mammoothlibrary	1	No specific role
mmurrett	boost	0	Developer
mna	ilisp	0	Developer
mnacar	vlab	0	Developer
mnagaku	ai-standards	0	No specific role
mnagata	micronova-yuzu	1	No specific role
mnaglik	eimp	0	Developer
mnaik	priscilla	1	No specific role
mnambiar	mqsurfer	1	No specific role
mnementh	endjinn	1	No specific role
mneumann	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
mnewcomb	jenni-jni	1	No specific role
mnoon	pword	1	Developer
mnp	pdkb	0	No specific role
mn_de	tagtraum-jo	0	Developer
moatas	pilotjfc	1	No specific role
moatas	sqlviewer	1	No specific role
mobby38	slimlib	0	Developer
mobigeek	visemacs	0	Developer
mobileagent	yajal	0	No specific role
mochacafe	mochastudiocafe	1	No specific role
mock	rccparser	0	No specific role
mockcahill	mockbase	1	Project Manager
modeltford	servicetango	1	Developer
moez	drjava	1	Developer
mog1	progress2xls	0	Developer
mogambo	progress2xls	0	Developer
mogambo	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
mogambo	xpweb	0	No specific role
mohamedmansour	uced	0	No specific role
mohni	phpbt	0	Developer
mohrt	snoopy	1	No specific role
moiristo	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mojotoad	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
mojoxanadu	brownbag	0	No specific role
mojo_kg	rvtest	0	Developer
mokhtari_fares	systux	1	No specific role
mokona	opensxdl	1	Developer
mol1111	conio	1	No specific role
mol1111	devpaks	1	No specific role
molaschi	itpm	1	No specific role
molasses	mushroom	1	No specific role
mollinie	libclc	0	Web Designer
molokai	bananadotnet	0	Developer
molosse	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
molousk	pands	1	Developer
momasrl	genesis-ist	1	No specific role
momat	aisoccer	1	Developer
monaka	brv-dev-tools	1	Project Manager
mondalaci	coder-keymaps	1	No specific role
monkyboy	pythoncard	1	Developer
monora	rgl	1	No specific role
montanaro	largefiles	1	No specific role
montanaro	python-mode	1	Project Manager
montellano	runesword	1	Content Management
moojoo	phphtmlreskit	1	No specific role
moonfann	adkp	1	Developer
moonglum	autorealm	0	Developer
moonkhan	ipphonelib	1	Developer
moonshyne	anyedit	1	Project Manager
mooreb	libmooreb	1	No specific role
mooz	ggi	0	Developer
moozet	jgoose	0	Developer
moparisthebest	scarsrl	1	No specific role
moraisrocha	easyobjects	1	No specific role
moramata	eocene-php	1	No specific role
morb	pul	1	Developer
moreejt	htmlobject	0	Developer
morgade	jotazul	1	No specific role
morganhua	activegrid	0	Developer
morganr	mase	0	Developer
moribundus	klibs	1	Graphic/Other Designer
moriq	apollo3	1	Developer
morpheus2matrix	creative-portal	1	Project Manager
morrac	jcl	0	Developer
morriscat	xgroupset	1	No specific role
morrisde	pyrad	1	No specific role
morsy	prado	0	Developer
mortenokholm	wsis	0	Developer
mortenson	wrapper	1	All-Hands Person
mortis	pas	1	Project Manager
mosabua	jbpm	0	No specific role
mosca	perl-oak	0	Developer
moschny	javaparty	1	Developer
mosez	gnopaste	1	Project Manager
moshefi	bugnet	0	Developer
moshez	bicyclerepair	0	No specific role
moshez	python-xlib	0	No specific role
mossontte	jetpp	0	Developer
mossop	jscreen	1	No specific role
mostuff	vcf	0	Developer
moth	crm114	0	Developer
mothyjules	aaa4avalon	0	Developer
motoboi	perl-oak	0	Developer
mottl	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
mottl	pcre-ocaml	1	No specific role
mourngrym1969	tsmgr	1	No specific role
mournosg	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
movement	functrace	1	Project Manager
movilgate	c-open-smpp-34	1	Developer
moxon	xfap	1	No specific role
mozillagodzilla	xparse	1	Developer
mozillaman	moznews	1	No specific role
mpac	basicportal	0	Developer
mpagel	ecuarchitect	1	Tester
mpalmerlee	jstoolbox	1	No specific role
mpanayot	id-validate	0	Developer
mpandersen	netreflector	0	Developer
mparupal	npsnetv	0	Developer
mpasini	systux	0	Developer
mpena	kasai	0	Developer
mpepper	omega	0	No specific role
mpepper	pdkb	0	No specific role
mpf	jipsy	1	No specific role
mph76	floatapi	1	Developer
mpinkas	ndk-xx	1	No specific role
mplachta	extensibleos	1	Developer
mpocock	stax	0	No specific role
mpod_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mportier	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
mpot	smoothiemods	0	No specific role
mpowers	jmousewheel	1	No specific role
mpowers	wotonomy	1	Developer
mpregent	jabls1	1	Project Manager
mpriest	saxadapter	1	No specific role
mpriha	tammi	1	Developer
mprn	keel	1	Developer
mprudhom	jline	1	Project Manager
mprudhom	serp	0	Developer
mpuro	devpaks	0	No specific role
mqm	elj	0	No specific role
mqm	elj-win32	0	No specific role
mqm	goanna	0	Developer
mqm	yaesockets	1	Developer
mquigley	digi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mr3dblond	cphplib	1	Project Manager
mrad	gsk	0	No specific role
mradestock	yatl	1	No specific role
mraible	roller	0	Developer
mraible	struts	0	Developer
mrandel	gitk	0	Developer
mraq	netx	1	No specific role
mrbbc	univerc	1	All-Hands Person
mrbojangles	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mrbool	nfop	0	Developer
mrbrown	ps2dev	0	Developer
mrc103	pipe2	1	Developer
mrcobit	xsdf	0	Developer
mrcs73	blake	0	Doc Writer
mrc__	pmking	0	Developer
mrdaemon	fore	1	Project Manager
mrdon	jedit	0	No specific role
mrdon	struts	1	Developer
mrdon	stxx	1	Project Manager
mrdyg	whisper3	1	Project Manager
mreckz	idux	1	No specific role
mreed10	ltp	1	Developer
mregazzi	xplanner	0	Developer
mrf	libonyx	1	Developer
mrfloppy	jhotdraw	1	Project Manager
mrfun	nqn	0	No specific role
mrguide	grouptool	1	No specific role
mridge	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
mrijk	gimp-sharp	1	No specific role
mriou	wf-twister	1	Developer
mriveros	jatisat	0	Developer
mrjohnson0	jepp	1	Project Manager
mrmacman_g4	libfinch	1	No specific role
mrmean	baritus	1	Developer
mrmouse_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
mrmuffin	snipthis	1	No specific role
mrmx	jtgl	1	No specific role
mrmx	mparser	1	No specific role
mrose	beepcore-c	0	All-Hands Person
mrose	beepcore-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
mroth_sicom	rlib	0	All-Hands Person
mroux06	alliances	0	All-Hands Person
mrovner	boost	0	No specific role
mrpersonick	cweb	0	Developer
mrsermore	jdbforms	0	Developer
mrsid	gtk-osx	0	Developer
mrslimedrink	freeform	0	Developer
mrtidy	ndbunit	1	No specific role
mrtweakin	vcf	0	Developer
mrtwice	asptemplate	0	Developer
mrumpf	opendte	1	Project Manager
mrw	zoolib	0	No specific role
mrward	md-xed	1	Developer
mrward	soaptrace	1	No specific role
mrwooly	jspunit	1	No specific role
mrxtravis	xmldb-org	0	Developer
mr_dave	dachshund	0	Developer
mr_goodwin	projectb	1	No specific role
mr_jusz	ines	1	No specific role
ms140569	cscope	0	Developer
msadmin	millstone	0	Unix Admin
msalias	tieradapter	1	Project Manager
msborg	codebook	1	Developer
mschaefer	jwarp	1	Developer
mschilli	log4perl	1	Project Manager
mschneid	opendte	0	Developer
mschollmeyer	lisbon	1	Developer
mschulze_99	charpoly	1	No specific role
mschulze_99	qtcharpoly	1	No specific role
msclrhd	boost	0	Developer
mscottn	gtkextra	0	No specific role
msc_nitram	sbev	1	All-Hands Person
mse1	mseide-msegui	1	Developer
msg	destiny	1	No specific role
msg4chang	xml-node	0	Developer
mshaffer	phpkas	1	No specific role
mshenga	cayenne	0	Developer
mshiltonj	cgi-test	1	No specific role
msiennicki	cssl	1	No specific role
msjogren	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
mskeel	smoothcopy	1	Tester
mskells	dom4j	0	Developer
mslicker	gtkeditor	1	No specific role
mslomp	winports	1	No specific role
msobczak	cpptcl	1	No specific role
msobczak	cpptk	1	No specific role
msoegtrop	wxart2d	0	No specific role
msoulier	opag	1	Project Manager
mspgroup	win-platform	1	No specific role
msrd	dvremoting	0	No specific role
msrinivasan	uuu	0	Developer
msroane	openemcee	0	Doc Writer
mssulik	webonswing	0	Developer
mstarch	clanlib	1	Developer
mstarzyk	venster	0	No specific role
mstefek	transedit	1	No specific role
mstevens	perlbug	1	Developer
mstoerzer	ajhsqldb	1	No specific role
mstoerzer	praktomat	1	Developer
mstorey	tagsea	0	No specific role
mstruck	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
mstrumia	qmmslog	1	No specific role
mswindell	freeclx	1	Project Manager
msyrjala	kvanttisms	1	Developer
mszeftel	wxcode	0	Developer
ms_	kamaelia	1	Project Manager
mt8168	openria	1	No specific role
mtadashi	dbpowder	1	No specific role
mtandler	bodyofmethods	1	Project Manager
mtdonahue	mainejug	1	No specific role
mtedone	jamailet	1	No specific role
mteel	codeanalyze-gpl	1	No specific role
mteel	multicpu	1	No specific role
mteel	radlib	1	No specific role
mteel	radlib-gpl	1	Project Manager
mtegtmeyer	cvalarray	1	No specific role
mteira	zports	1	No specific role
mtennes	jfreereport	0	No specific role
mthird	nhibernate	0	Developer
mthoma	jcl	1	Project Manager
mthoma	jvcl	1	No specific role
mthoma	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
mtigges	python-xlib	0	No specific role
mtirnanic	delphiical	1	No specific role
mtirnanic	totaltext	1	No specific role
mtlung	exmat	1	No specific role
mtnygard	jhotdraw	0	Developer
mtnygard	junitservlet	1	Project Manager
mtnygard	longhall	1	No specific role
mtr2	beepcore-c	0	Developer
mtrifu	jgoose	0	Developer
mucbj0	hammurapi	0	No specific role
muckl	bugin	0	Developer
mudbone	prospect	0	Developer
mudry	mulib	1	Project Manager
muellero	hippie-occur	1	No specific role
muenalan	datatype	1	No specific role
muetze1	isolib	1	Developer
mufasa	phpbt	0	Developer
muglerj	metamenu	0	Developer
muhgatus	exymen	0	All-Hands Person
mukembo	php-ruby	1	No specific role
mukion	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
mumak	jedit	0	No specific role
munchkinboy	hermesweb	0	Tester
munerot	projectarchit	1	Project Manager
mungady	jfinance	1	No specific role
mungady	jfreereport	1	No specific role
mungady	jworkbook	1	No specific role
munichgrizzley	genie-framework	0	Developer
munklinde	dtilib	1	Developer
munroe_r	zmenu	1	No specific role
muonics	tktable	0	Developer
muonman	summerframework	1	No specific role
muppetman	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
muralimahesh	umlsculptor	0	Developer
murali_ca_us	fsgrep	1	Project Manager
murkles	jedit	0	Developer
muro	socurses	1	Project Manager
murphycode	libgenma	1	No specific role
murrayc	bakery	1	Project Manager
murrayc	gstreamer	0	No specific role
murrayc	gtkextramm	1	Developer
murrayc	gtkmm	1	Developer
murrayc	libglademm	1	Developer
murrayc	libsigc	1	No specific role
murrayc	mysqlcppapi	1	Project Manager
murrayc	regexxer	1	No specific role
mused	rudiments	1	No specific role
musheno	jgfgj	1	No specific role
musicstar	proxool	0	Developer
musk	phpeclipse	0	Developer
muske_work	amconnections	1	No specific role
mutante_power_b	pastelog	1	Developer
muzero	kaistar	0	Developer
mvalerio	wxcurl	0	Developer
mvandam	formps	0	Developer
mvandam	xoops	0	Developer
mvandam	zang	1	Developer
mvantil	dcl	0	Developer
mvargas	cvpframework	1	Graphic/Other Designer
mvastrad	arch4j	1	No specific role
mvdesche	openquasar	0	Developer
mveitas	meta-jb	0	Developer
mvidner	medoosa	1	Project Manager
mvilrokx	utplsql	0	Developer
mvivas	lemonsms	1	No specific role
mvm313	c-y-a	0	Graphic/Other Designer
mvmsoft	tritos	0	Developer
mvo	python-apt	1	Developer
mvrhov	potranslator	1	No specific role
mvturnho	jpictools	0	All-Hands Person
mvw	btt	0	Developer
mwa	pyssh	1	No specific role
mwaeckerlin	qpthread	1	No specific role
mwagner	worklog	1	No specific role
mwaisberg	j2melib	1	No specific role
mwaltz	arch4j	0	Developer
mwdiablo	rugby-scrum	1	No specific role
mwdx	lainos	0	Developer
mweissenbacher	dbmanager	0	All-Hands Person
mwerla	aisoccer	1	Project Manager
mwessendorf	smile	0	No specific role
mwestergaard	buglist	1	No specific role
mwestergaard	cpnmouse	1	Project Manager
mwestergaard	sweepchecker	0	Developer
mweth	wxcode	0	Developer
mwh	bytecodehacks	1	No specific role
mwi2825	vsbugtrackernet	0	No specific role
mwk	math-symbolic	0	Developer
mwkuster	zunit	0	Developer
mwm	python-xlib	1	No specific role
mwright	mulib	0	Developer
mwsimpson	barcodingtools	1	No specific role
mws_radwar	xhuggle	1	Project Manager
mxpxfifws	bakery	1	Developer
mxpxfifws	gtkmm	1	Developer
myamato	g-inspector	0	Developer
myamato	linda	1	No specific role
myddrin	cathbad	1	No specific role
myddrin	ptmb	1	No specific role
myers_carpenter	libbase32	1	Developer
myers_carpenter	pyutil	1	No specific role
mylesc	melati	1	No specific role
myselph	uuu	0	Doc Writer
mysterycoder	wgois	0	Developer
mystifier	oregex	1	No specific role
mystik77	nextvision	1	Developer
mytotem	wfaforars	0	Developer
myway310	tle	0	No specific role
my_login	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
mzeijen	doxychecker	0	No specific role
mzl	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
m_eljayo	pokea	0	No specific role
m_hael	purple	0	Developer
m_hagenaars	winio32	1	Developer
m_sabal	eugtk	1	Developer
n-a-c-h	jtt	1	Developer
n-kato	agda	1	No specific role
n08ody	ftutorial	1	No specific role
n0ano	lbs	1	No specific role
n0m0r3	ipphonelib	1	Project Manager
n1ko	qtcsharp	0	Developer
n31l	jedit	0	No specific role
n3ix	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
n3tguy	uuu	0	Developer
n8chtschwaermer	weta	0	Developer
na04	pipe2	1	Developer
nabeeliqbal	ltilib	0	Developer
naber	jedit	0	No specific role
nacho_pancho	pajuan	1	No specific role
naedphil	open-arm	1	Developer
naeeem	javaforms	1	No specific role
naeem	javaforms	0	No specific role
nafees	fltk	0	Developer
nafm	mydblist	1	No specific role
nagar	lbs	0	Developer
naghili	digi	0	No specific role
nagle	glow	0	Developer
nagolusidhartha	camprocessor	0	Developer
nahaj	adaprojet	1	Project Manager
naholyr	japhpadoc	1	No specific role
nahor	orbaddons	1	Developer
naitek	xpweb	0	Developer
najak	realmforge	0	Developer
najgor	jodd	1	Project Manager
nakashima007	jbanana	0	Developer
nakhli	jeditool	1	No specific role
nakov	pranka	1	Project Manager
nalilord	isolib	1	Developer
namcap	wedes	1	No specific role
nameislocus	jakarta-k	0	Developer
nameislocus	mx4j	0	Developer
namorrortu	providers	1	Developer
nando	xlw	1	No specific role
nando76	liblog	1	No specific role
nandof	nandof	1	No specific role
nannerman	pword	0	Web Designer
nanoage	pom	0	Developer
nanorod	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
nanthracite	m-n-mumps	0	Developer
naomi_2005	rpg-maker	0	Developer
naorlss	posit	1	Developer
napkindrawing	napkinlaf	0	Developer
napmusic	mp3apollo	0	Developer
nappsulze	cdx	0	Developer
naprstek	jbpm	0	No specific role
nar6mm	projection	0	Requirements Engineering
narcissus	mantisbt	0	Developer
nardo	loomthread	1	Developer
narentumkur	codev	0	Developer
nareyek	ai-standards	1	Project Manager
nas2156	alliances	0	All-Hands Person
nascif	pmd	0	Developer
naseer25	wavelet	0	No specific role
nashjain	fitnesse	0	Developer
nataciakim	utplsql	0	Developer
natbudin	megabase	1	No specific role
natbudin	sforzando	1	Developer
natbudin	solidfuel	1	No specific role
nate	protomatter	1	No specific role
nate-888	apdb	1	No specific role
natehop	jstracer	1	No specific role
natenewz	pvigil	0	Developer
natet	jedit	0	Developer
natet	tasksw	1	No specific role
natgio	time-table4u	1	No specific role
nathancrews	gml2civil	1	No specific role
nathancrews	landxmlsdk	1	No specific role
nathanhart	trilldev	0	Developer
nathanjones	jedit	0	Developer
nathanmeyers	jperfanal	1	No specific role
nathasm	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
nathloup	iwroot	0	Developer
natibro	vntraffic	1	No specific role
nativemind	arbiter	0	Developer
native_mind	mojavi	1	All-Hands Person
natmaka	imc	1	Project Manager
nattygur	webfarmsession	1	No specific role
naudts	eulersharp	0	Developer
naughtont	metamenu	0	Developer
navicore	navicore	1	No specific role
navpar	onmobile	1	Project Manager
navs	tinywidgets	0	No specific role
nayan	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
nbartlett	satsumaxml	1	No specific role
nbecker	boost	0	Developer
nbjayme	nbjsaint	1	No specific role
nblack13	moo3d	0	No specific role
nbmalysh	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
nboseret	xoops	0	Developer
ncadell	log4net	1	All-Hands Person
ncannasse	ocaml-lib	1	Project Manager
ncenginear	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
nchalumeau	plan-heure	1	Developer
ncombs	ai-standards	0	Developer
nd98powell	v1-vs-addin	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ndabney	lbs	1	No specific role
ndabney	ltp	0	Tester
ndaley	log4net	1	Project Manager
ndarnis	gdsl	1	Project Manager
ndavies	aeongdk	1	Project Manager
ndecker	openpjb	0	Developer
ndela	devreport	1	No specific role
ndeloof	azote	1	No specific role
ndjones	jweather	0	No specific role
ndorlencourt	avicaptcl	0	Developer
ndrs	madeleine	1	No specific role
ndsdev	pands	0	Tester
ndthomson45	xview4struts	1	No specific role
ndthuy	favalias	0	Developer
nealkatz	jdbforms	0	Developer
neallester	goanna	1	Developer
neallester	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
neallester	swete	1	No specific role
nealmckinney	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
nearfar	gnusim8085	1	Developer
nebhale	springframework	0	Developer
nebulosu	concern	0	Developer
nebu_pookins	tarmak	1	No specific role
ned14	nedmalloc	1	No specific role
ned14	ptmalloc2	1	No specific role
ned14	tnfox	1	Project Manager
nedlud	xoops	0	Developer
nedric	haste	1	Developer
needo	marblehorse	0	No specific role
neemailrcv	ndbaccess	1	No specific role
neeum	scim	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
negativeiq	socksipy	1	No specific role
negher	lugman	1	Developer
neiljp	ggi	0	Tester
neillans	internetdirect	0	Developer
neillm	neshare	1	No specific role
neillm	netclass	1	No specific role
neilweber	jurvis	1	No specific role
neilwubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Project Manager
neil_whitworth	zipcom	1	No specific role
nejedly	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
nejucomo	libbase32	0	Developer
nejucomo	libzstr	0	Developer
nejucomo	libzutil	0	Developer
nejucomo	pyutil	0	Developer
neko-q	sscl	0	No specific role
nekromancer	formflood	0	Developer
nekronomekron	thor	1	No specific role
nekronomekron	zeus	1	Project Manager
nekropole	bigint	0	Distributor/Promoter
nellie2006	lesser-libs2	0	Developer
nels	myaphp	1	All-Hands Person
nelson1977	pylib3d	1	No specific role
nemesis2	trilldev	0	All-Hands Person
nemorino	xforge	1	No specific role
nenadstefanovic	wtl	1	Developer
neniu	uuu	0	Developer
neo07	fxds	1	No specific role
neocarton	myvarmng	1	No specific role
neoctrl	jakarta-k	0	Developer
neodatatype	myneoreport	1	No specific role
neoflux	gotjava	1	Project Manager
neolynx	gnufondue	1	No specific role
neomantra	luabind	0	Developer
neonai	ai-standards	0	Developer
neotron	sdlmm	1	All-Hands Person
neovanglist	lainos	1	Project Manager
neoworks	log4net	1	Project Manager
neozack	monoxna	0	Developer
neppanepenthes	gimp-sharp	1	Developer
nepto	mantisbt	0	Developer
neptune235	hermesweb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
nerdlor	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
nerdnetwork	openrpg-gde	1	Web Designer
nerdnetwork	vnsc	1	Project Manager
nerd_	freeflash	1	Developer
nerius	csbi	0	No specific role
nermaljcat	jrdf	1	Developer
nerochiaro	neuros	1	Developer
nesotto	boost	0	Developer
nestian	feteh	1	No specific role
netaman	tigre	1	No specific role
netaman	websignoff	1	Developer
netaustin	tbroot	0	Developer
netdb	hermesweb	0	Developer
netdb	sharpadmin	1	Project Manager
netdever	java-speedy	1	No specific role
nethyperon	ht-commons	1	No specific role
netiquette	webelements	1	No specific role
netocrat	geshi	0	Developer
netoid	btp	0	Developer
netsach	nob	1	No specific role
netsrak	kafenio	1	No specific role
netsrak	simplejcoms	1	No specific role
netstat	adaptivebus	1	No specific role
netsuvi	gcb	1	No specific role
netteruser	strg-c	1	Distributor/Promoter
netwerkgr	smart-publisher	1	No specific role
netwhiz	smoothiemods	1	All-Hands Person
net_mask	asgard	1	No specific role
neuralx	abxlib	1	Project Manager
neuro	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
neuro	libctk	1	Developer
neurolabs	obfuscatejs	1	Developer
neuronaut	sqlsplitter	1	No specific role
neuwirth	mulib	0	Developer
newber	blake	0	Developer
newchief	guileplayer	1	No specific role
newmana	jrdf	1	Project Manager
newsboy	black-box	1	No specific role
newz2000	pvigil	1	No specific role
newz2000	wtf-engine	1	No specific role
nexos	xlife	1	No specific role
nextcoder	octopi	1	No specific role
nfroyd	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
nfsantos	smartrmi	1	No specific role
nfx3	hammerhead	0	Developer
nfz	wgois	0	Developer
ngan	tagbrowser	1	No specific role
nghidav	beigetower	0	Developer
ngorsuch	metamenu	0	Developer
ngs_mtech	ptm	0	Developer
nhamadi	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nhead	pyerlbridge	1	No specific role
nheudecker	struts	0	Developer
nhinds	ltp	0	Developer
nhl_dotnet	websharp	1	Project Manager
nhoizey	afupdevphp	1	No specific role
nhorman	cscope	0	Developer
nhruby	phplib	1	All-Hands Person
nhusted	gameblade	0	Developer
nhv	freeglut	0	Developer
niallg	simpleweb	1	No specific role
niatox	htmlssm	1	Developer
nibblesmx	gekkoware	0	Developer
nibro	haskell-libs	0	Developer
nicanor	jquantify	1	No specific role
nicdub	pyut	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
niceguyeddie	xaraya	1	No specific role
nicesearch	nicesearch	1	No specific role
nicferrier	oje	1	No specific role
nicholasamorim	atma	1	Project Manager
nicholasamorim	gcslib	1	Project Manager
nickasil	fltk	0	No specific role
nickduong	soapanywhere	0	Developer
nickel	cigmas	1	Developer
nickerso	cellml	1	All-Hands Person
nickj2000	binscan	1	No specific role
nickols_k	asm	0	Developer
nickols_k	biew	1	Project Manager
nicksanderson	dom4j	0	Developer
nickseng	csopf	0	All-Hands Person
nickshanks	hexedit	0	Developer
nickshanks	resknife	1	Project Manager
nickthompson	cute	0	Developer
nickv_111	palm-linux	1	No specific role
nicnac	eejlib	1	No specific role
nico01h	oma-scts	0	No specific role
nicoaragon	openpoplog	0	Developer
nicoddemus	boost	0	Developer
nicodds	www-sms	0	Developer
nicok	hotfusion	0	No specific role
nicolaasuni	htmlcolors	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	htmlentities	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	htmlstrings	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	htmlurls	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xhtmltranscoder	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xhtmlvalidator	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xmlcfgreader	1	No specific role
nicolaasuni	xmlconfigreader	1	No specific role
nicolascros	ncprogs	1	No specific role
nicolasraymond	cvk	0	Developer
nicomen	adtools	0	Developer
nicomen	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
nicparise	jdbforms	0	Developer
niels--v	remotecalendars	0	Developer
nielswahlgreen	wsis	0	Developer
niemeyer	macrosystem	1	No specific role
niemeyer	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
niemeyer	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
nierbeck	timetrackplugin	1	No specific role
nigelbeach	nunitforms	0	Developer
nigels	openglut	1	No specific role
nigel_brown	prograde	0	Developer
nightstorm	propmgr	1	No specific role
nik777	eccles	1	All-Hands Person
nikboyd	bistro	1	No specific role
nikee	kxml	0	Developer
nikgu	swingwt	0	No specific role
nikgus	casilda	1	No specific role
niki	jsptags	0	No specific role
nikias	libsilt	0	Developer
nikijdq	syspect	1	Developer
nikiml	boost	0	Developer
nikitis	gnu6	1	Project Manager
niklasb	prevalence	1	Developer
nikodem	cdk	0	Developer
nikolaymetchev	ataraxia	0	Developer
nikolopoulos	sdccide	1	No specific role
niko_schmuck	informa	1	Project Manager
niko_schmuck	jsurfer	1	Project Manager
niksus	microbrowser	1	Developer
nik_89	xmltools	1	All-Hands Person
nileshbansal	informa	0	Developer
nilgun	gnu-tr	0	Developer
nilojg	jedit	0	No specific role
nilostep	comedia	0	Developer
nilsjuergens	lin-prog-newbie	1	No specific role
nilspace	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
nilssen	sowin	1	No specific role
nilu	cpptest	1	No specific role
nimdok	jui	1	No specific role
nimdok	pounder	1	Developer
nimgil	gameblade	0	Developer
nimnul	boost	0	Developer
nineteen85	asptracker	1	No specific role
ning	ivm	0	Developer
ninjanl	wxdsgn	1	Support Manager
nirpaz	jpt	1	No specific role
nirshahaf	shmallocator	1	No specific role
nirvani	phpdevtools	1	No specific role
nirvdrum	cayenne	0	Developer
nitin_matrix	mockobjects	0	All-Hands Person
nitro83	pic18fusb	1	No specific role
nitrogenycs	kerama	1	Developer
niunio	a3dge	1	No specific role
niunio	allegro-pas	1	No specific role
niunio	mingro	1	No specific role
niunio	voxrend	1	No specific role
niuton	juda	1	Developer
nivekh	jxconfig	1	No specific role
nixel	ponyexpress	0	Web Designer
nixnixnix	formproc	0	Developer
nixnixnix	integradata	1	No specific role
nj7w	pywebsvcs	0	No specific role
njd-	phpeclipse	0	Developer
njkirchner	ogpm	0	Developer
njuneja	libroots	1	Developer
njussien	choco	1	Project Manager
nkadel	crm114	0	Developer
nkasuganti	prograde	0	Developer
nkirsch	wsre	1	No specific role
nkivilis	geckoplugin	1	Developer
nklasens	mmapps	1	Developer
nkohji	implessbean	1	No specific role
nkraft	g4re	1	No specific role
nksauter	boost	0	Developer
nkuitse	teskrel	1	No specific role
nlbunder	pfex	1	Project Manager
nlv11075	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
nlv12078	ses-ppts	1	Developer
nmanser	impression	0	Doc Writer
nmarkgraf	adtalgorlibrary	0	No specific role
nmav	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
nmav	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
nmh	thinking-forth	0	Developer
nmotgi	boost	0	Developer
nmrs	mav	1	Developer
nmrs	mavnet	1	No specific role
nmurar01	umlsculptor	0	No specific role
nmusatti	bcbboost	1	No specific role
nmusatti	boost	0	Developer
nnan	utplsql	0	Developer
nnemec	matplotlib	0	Developer
nnk	cgtt	1	All-Hands Person
nnombela	easyconf	0	Developer
nnosov	cdl	1	No specific role
noah	pypect	1	No specific role
noahcampbell	jrobin	0	No specific role
noahlandow	megabase	0	Developer
nocaute	nocaute	1	No specific role
nocs	lemonsms	0	Developer
nodari	presto	1	Project Manager
nodari	prevayler	0	Developer
nodatadj	gstreamer	0	Developer
nodet	cpp2rtf	1	No specific role
noel	schematics	1	Project Manager
noelogist	jakarta-k	0	No specific role
noelstephens	ai-standards	0	Developer
noel_belcourt	boost	0	Developer
noescom	opennet	1	No specific role
noessler	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
nohero	dotlua	1	No specific role
noiddicle	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
noif	gtkspell	1	Developer
noisyb	ucon64	1	Developer
nokamoto	jmichelle	1	No specific role
nokes	phormation	1	Developer
nokturn	gameblade	1	All-Hands Person
nolastowe	chiphpug	0	Developer
nomagic	permission-base	1	No specific role
nomike	shellconfig	1	No specific role
nomisand	wsis	0	Developer
nonamehjb	glgui	0	Developer
nonchocoboy	ailoom	0	Developer
nonchocoboy	ggt	0	Developer
nonchocoboy	vrjtoolbox	0	Developer
nonchocoboy	xml-cppdom	0	All-Hands Person
nonvolatil	hexeditswt	1	No specific role
noodleroni	ninstaller	1	No specific role
nooper	gppfront	1	No specific role
nop144666	phpvortex	1	No specific role
nopfnopf	conxult	0	Developer
noradcrew	phoenixams	0	Developer
norbertf	squeezelayout	1	No specific role
norbes	kasai	1	Developer
nordkyn	phormation	0	Developer
nordside	gitk	0	Developer
noremac	jdbforms	0	Developer
norganos	sledit	1	No specific role
norm2782	concentre-xml	0	All-Hands Person
normanjames	logreader	1	No specific role
norpan	haskell-i18n	1	No specific role
norsch	wf-twister	0	Developer
northgorky	keel	0	Developer
norulz	monkeystudio	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
nosfe2k	aptesting	1	Project Manager
nosod	no-sod	1	Developer
nossareh	log4cpp	0	Developer
nostranossum	xradar	0	Developer
noteventime	celengine	1	Developer
notgod	bugin	1	Developer
nothingelz	theida	1	No specific role
notniko	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
notstable	basicportal	0	No specific role
nottrz	timerplugin	1	No specific role
nouiz	inetsock	1	Project Manager
nouiz2	inetsock	1	No specific role
nova77	autores	1	No specific role
now3d	ps2dev	0	No specific role
nowhere-man	remoteupdate	0	Developer
noxorc	gnu-efi	1	No specific role
noxz	zorta	0	Developer
noyasoft	chttpclient	1	No specific role
npasserini	objectbase	1	Project Manager
npengell	pdkb	0	No specific role
nphelps	active-jms	1	Developer
nphillips	exspiminator	1	Project Manager
npirzkal	pyxpa	1	Developer
nprakash	cdk	0	Developer
npryce	mockobjects	0	All-Hands Person
nrhorowitz	drjava	1	Developer
nriesco	oscom	1	No specific role
nritter123	geotiff-jai	1	No specific role
nrivard	uml-xchange	1	No specific role
nrop	jexif	1	No specific role
nrushforth	activexp	1	Project Manager
nrut	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
nrutman	canonscanner	0	Developer
nsalehi	gsk	0	Developer
nsando	eclpce	1	Project Manager
nsanti	eternity-it	1	No specific role
nsillik	wii-linux	1	All-Hands Person
nsouch	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
nstraz	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
nsushkin	javadoc-search	1	No specific role
ntalex	wxvillalib	1	No specific role
nth	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
ntherning	mime4j	1	No specific role
nthier	hourglass	0	Developer
nto	phost-contrib	0	Developer
ntrifunovic	ntserviceclass	1	No specific role
ntubski	parser	0	Developer
nudge	cjavaipc	1	No specific role
nuenning	openquasar	0	Support Manager
nuffer	boost	0	Developer
nuffer	dtframework	0	No specific role
nuffle	gnatsperl	1	Project Manager
null_and_void	libhfs	1	No specific role
numist	ppf	0	Developer
nummish	wxnet	0	Developer
nunomplopes	peardboo	1	Project Manager
nur	aopi	1	No specific role
nur	jac-aop	1	No specific role
nurgle	libavc1394	0	Developer
nurulc	javaxmlstream	1	Project Manager
nutcaserr	merlinlibs	1	No specific role
nuub666	jxpfw	0	Developer
nvembar	lfc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nvitya	lptk	1	No specific role
nvoxland	hoople	1	No specific role
nwalsh	rdftwig	1	No specific role
nwdurcholz	jedit	0	Developer
nwhaley	nmock2	0	No specific role
nwhitehorn	resourcer	1	No specific role
nwilliams	poe	0	Developer
nwinkler	accessmodifier	1	Project Manager
nyamatongwe	pythoncard	1	Developer
nyamatongwe	scintilla	1	Project Manager
nyamga	mobiledic	1	Unix Admin
nybble	phpmydoc	1	No specific role
nycteris	ienjinia	0	Developer
nymble	cryptopy	1	No specific role
nytehorse	lgi	0	No specific role
nyxtom	regwizard	1	Developer
n_alex_rupp	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	jammies	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	mx4j	0	Developer
n_alex_rupp	service-cache	1	No specific role
n_fourni	pokea	1	No specific role
n_hapke	syspect	0	Developer
n_sergiu	ircaddin	1	No specific role
n_seshadri	tamiltools	1	Project Manager
oakinger	springnet	0	No specific role
oan42	ibaccess	0	No specific role
oancea	concentre-xml	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
oasp	objectiveasp	1	All-Hands Person
obarthel	adtools	1	Developer
obarthel	clib2	1	No specific role
obdobion	jfreereport	0	Developer
oberpapr	ltp	0	Developer
obfusk	obfusk	1	Developer
obirsoy	vcf	0	Developer
obi_juan_kenobi	objectbase	1	Project Manager
object	schematics	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
objectlearn	lomboz	1	No specific role
objektiv	tailforwin32	1	No specific role
oblin	nprofile	1	Project Manager
oblomov	texlib	1	No specific role
oboehm	jrequest	1	No specific role
obones	doxbar	1	Developer
obones	jcl	0	Developer
obones	jvcl	1	Project Manager
obones	poedit	0	Developer
obrand	wsdl4reg	1	Project Manager
obrasilo	lbaprojects	0	Developer
oburn	logui	1	No specific role
ocapillon	prenzl	1	Project Manager
ochnygosch	eclipseclassloc	1	No specific role
ocibu	cplusplus	0	Developer
ocke	jfreereport	0	Developer
octavianh	mosquito	1	No specific role
octodon	qtlog	1	No specific role
odavy	joffad	0	No specific role
odcm	phpawstats	1	Project Manager
odedblayer	unitee	0	Developer
oded_c	gimp-sharp	0	Developer
odelljl	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
odelljl	rosettast	0	Developer
odelljl	sunit	1	Developer
odelljl	sunit-browser	1	No specific role
oderin	j4bib	1	No specific role
odinhuntr	libgmonopd	1	No specific role
odiobill	cookieauth	1	No specific role
odipar	fluix	1	No specific role
odubay	odpdom	1	No specific role
oeker	ide4db	0	Developer
oetzel	xlife	1	No specific role
ofbiztest	ofbiz	0	No specific role
offa	adtools	0	Developer
ofjosne	xradar	0	Developer
ofsantana	vfreeproject	0	Developer
ogasawara	stp	0	No specific role
ogiesen	jvcl	0	Developer
ogodinez	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
ohler	xmlite	1	No specific role
ohlrogge	mconide	1	No specific role
oho	jesstab	0	Developer
ohutchison	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
ohutchison	springframework	0	No specific role
ohwada	xoops	0	Developer
oiehato	jakarta-k	0	Developer
oistooldev	wgois	0	Developer
ojojo	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
ojuwig	openquasar	0	Support Manager
oj_returnnull	jncss4eclipse	1	All-Hands Person
oka801	xmlapplication	1	Developer
okellogg	uml	1	No specific role
okellya	xngr	0	Developer
oklan	elfdump	1	No specific role
oknotok	spheresuite	0	Web Designer
okrumnow	dotnetlayout	1	Project Manager
okt	borax	1	No specific role
olafseng	cloneanalyzer	1	Project Manager
olafseng	jgoose	1	Project Manager
olasan	bossxo	0	Developer
olau	photoshopy	0	Tester
olav	pyswt	1	No specific role
oldman1004	datafile	1	No specific role
olearyni	jedit	1	Developer
olearyni	jedit-plugins	1	No specific role
oleg	haskell-libs	0	Developer
oleg	kanren	1	Developer
olegoga	rampart-toolkit	1	Developer
olegoga	sqlom	1	No specific role
olegsopilnyak	visualtelephony	1	Project Manager
olegyk	olegykj	1	Project Manager
oleiro	blake	0	Developer
olemartin	bossxo	0	Developer
olemartin	pmd	0	Developer
olenus	lobaccessor	1	Project Manager
olesha	installtstr	1	No specific role
oleson	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
olf	mailtext	1	No specific role
olibra	ltilib	0	Developer
oliep	jedit	0	Developer
oliverhe	jedit-syntax	1	All-Hands Person
oliverscheck	concern	0	Developer
oliviertexier	jdeapi	1	No specific role
olivier_moises	wazaabi	1	No specific role
olivier_pt	visages	1	No specific role
oliv__a	ocamlplot	1	No specific role
olkalex	wxnet	0	Developer
olleg	cplusplus	0	Developer
ollix	cobold	1	Developer
ollix	jforce	1	Project Manager
olly1	gtkmm	0	Web Designer
olobodaestepe	ioguigrid	0	Doc Writer
olofunke	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
olsner	async	1	No specific role
olsonw	moss	1	No specific role
olszta	freeglut	0	Developer
om-bill	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpipro	0	No specific role
om-bill	tplockbox	0	No specific role
om-bill	tponguard	0	No specific role
om-bill	tporpheus	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpsystools	0	No specific role
om-bill	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
oma-scts	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
omarbellio	tieradapter	0	Developer
ombak	digi	0	No specific role
omee	umbertoo	1	No specific role
omega-mdc	omega	0	No specific role
omega1016	cpnmouse	0	Developer
omegadva	buzz	1	No specific role
omegahacker	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
omegaprojects	libtext	1	No specific role
omenmedia	mocha4php	1	All-Hands Person
omerlevy	basengine	1	No specific role
omgkenny	robocells	1	Project Manager
omgs	bugzilla-es	1	Developer
ominousminds	ztemplate	1	Project Manager
omm	hwgui	0	No specific role
omnium	hextool	1	No specific role
omok	amakihi	0	Developer
omouse	xparse	1	No specific role
omulvihill	kioskcontrol	1	Project Manager
omx	jforce	1	Project Manager
one-source	onesource	1	No specific role
oneovthafew	hibernate	1	Developer
oneovthafew	jbpm	0	No specific role
oneovthafew	yajul	0	Developer
onioni	suma	1	No specific role
onkarshinde	gnusim8085	0	Developer
onno2	rupwiki	1	No specific role
onotelli	juda	1	No specific role
onxo	bluewonder	1	Developer
oobles	ps2dev	1	Project Manager
oodoo	pysoftwire	0	No specific role
oojah	autorealm	1	Developer
oolmc	cooleclipse	1	No specific role
oommoo	pdkb	1	No specific role
oopla	crm114	0	Developer
oosterom	sillyexceptions	0	Developer
oox	simpledevlib	1	No specific role
opaquedave	flasm	1	No specific role
opdecoder	pgmrcalc	1	No specific role
opendhtmlspy	opendhtmlspy	1	No specific role
openface	binarycloud	1	Developer
opensistemas	gentooforzaurus	1	No specific role
openzelda	openzelda	1	Project Manager
operator_smooth	template	1	No specific role
opetzold	tvmet	1	Project Manager
opheus	gnu-tr	0	Developer
opinionplugin	elips	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
opium	dom-result-set	1	No specific role
opium	pulpitum	1	Developer
oportier	phpfaqtory	0	Developer
oprgag	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
opster	jedit	0	No specific role
opusadmin	projector	1	Project Manager
opx	annie	0	Developer
oqube	openjgraph	1	Project Manager
ora	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
oracleshinoda	geshi	1	Project Manager
oranb	absolutex	0	No specific role
orangeherbert	dozer	0	Developer
orangeherbert	jext	1	Developer
orangytang	spgl	0	Developer
orasis	ninetynine	0	Project Manager
orasis	solinger	1	No specific role
orb	gadjit	1	No specific role
orb	xmltester	0	Developer
orbital56	nospeak	1	Developer
orbwave	cfobjects	1	No specific role
ordnas	zzoss	1	Project Manager
oreinert	mx4j	0	Developer
orencamber	dft	1	No specific role
orenmnero	quickfix	1	Developer
orexx	bsf4rexx	1	Project Manager
orhanalkan	easyldap	1	Project Manager
orngrimm	codename-alex	0	Tester
ornis	dpp	1	No specific role
ornus	bugnet	0	Developer
oro06	uopl	0	No specific role
orschaer	netdeserialize	1	Developer
orta	zorta	0	No specific role
ortalo	ggi	0	Developer
orutherfurd	jedit	1	Developer
orutherfurd	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
orz	pmask	1	No specific role
orzo	ggi	0	Developer
osandum	xplanner	0	Developer
oscarhsieh	workflow4j	1	All-Hands Person
oscarxie	classftp	1	No specific role
oscar_the_dog	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
osdm	jvcl	0	Developer
oserna	mockservlet	1	Developer
oshylina	basicportal	0	Developer
osiris0677	xmlv	1	Developer
osk	gnome-gcj	1	No specific role
oskar78	freewin	1	No specific role
osmo	pagemgr	1	No specific role
osmo	tagmgr	1	No specific role
ospi	ospi	1	No specific role
ospjuth	cdk	0	Developer
osrox	uuu	0	Developer
ossher	cme	0	Developer
osterba	misterengine	0	Developer
ostersc	cougaar	1	Project Manager
ostersc	dartmon	1	No specific role
ostersc	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
ostolski	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
osvaldo_andrade	intellime	0	No specific role
osvaldo_andrade	jpolls	0	Developer
oswaldcz	jedit	0	Developer
osych	xvcl	1	Project Manager
otavio	holo	0	Developer
otbsupport	innosetuppe	1	No specific role
otbsupport	notepadpluspe	1	No specific role
otbsupport	otbsoft	1	No specific role
otbsupport	xnreseditpe	1	No specific role
otif11	vairux-ego	0	Developer
ottalex	bigloo-lib	0	Developer
otto_mayer	report	1	No specific role
otusweb	rrspreadsheet	1	Developer
oubliete	leafs	1	No specific role
outchy	jcl	1	Project Manager
outchy	jvcl	0	Developer
outlawpoet	docdesignr	1	No specific role
ouvert	ouvert	0	No specific role
overflo	jakecpplib	1	No specific role
overmind911	csk	0	Developer
overond	vivaphp	0	No specific role
ovidiu	aft	1	No specific role
ovidiu	libfoundation	1	All-Hands Person
ovidiu	xslt-process	1	Project Manager
ovirkki	oslc	1	Developer
ow3n	gstreamer	0	Developer
owinfo	owdatastructs	1	No specific role
owlboy	ai-standards	0	No specific role
ownthebox	affinityos	1	Project Manager
oxe	math-symbolic	0	Developer
oxygen77	phpdocmaker	1	Project Manager
oyoaha	oalnf	1	No specific role
ozaygen	gnu-tr	0	Developer
ozbulo	mdx-analyzer	1	No specific role
ozmosys	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpapro	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpaproclx	0	Developer
ozmosys	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tplockbox	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tponguard	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tporpheus	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpsystools	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
ozmosys	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
ozterminal	claro	1	Developer
o_rossmueller	forger	1	No specific role
o_rossmueller	junitee	1	Project Manager
o_rossmueller	welofunc	1	No specific role
p-salnikov	javadrom	1	Developer
p-salnikov	logtrack	1	Developer
p-ultrid	xul	0	Developer
p1738j	agda	1	No specific role
p3p3	ogl-lib	1	No specific role
p4p3r0	libndsfpc	1	No specific role
paazio	lulop2	1	No specific role
pablobuiras	zipios	0	Developer
pablod	jfuf	1	No specific role
pablorg	gtframework	1	No specific role
pac666666	dool	0	No specific role
pacblanch	ingenias	0	Developer
pacca	dogless	1	No specific role
pacca	metatext	1	No specific role
pacca	squeezelayout	0	Developer
pace	hrprof	1	No specific role
pace	libopus	1	No specific role
pace	lispm	1	No specific role
paciuf	jbi4cics	1	No specific role
paciuf	jbi4corba	1	Developer
packetvb	packetvb	1	Project Manager
pacmaslargo	phpsmacl	0	Developer
paco	eifogl	1	Project Manager
padark	informa	0	Developer
padmashantha	xmlpullparser	0	Developer
padrem	ivt	1	No specific role
pady	appcheck	1	No specific role
pafdeath	fractalkiss	0	Web Designer
pafinde	graphil	1	No specific role
pafinde2	graphil	1	Developer
pagat	ataraxia	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
paintguy67	connect4swt	1	No specific role
paisleyj	rubycocoa	0	Developer
pakl	epk	1	No specific role
paladinofkaos	auross	1	Project Manager
paleot	runesword	0	Doc Writer
palermo4	mvp-xml	1	Developer
palhoto	aloma	1	No specific role
pallaert	xooof	0	Developer
pallindo	vcf	0	Developer
pallindo	vrjtoolbox	0	Developer
pallindo	vrjuggler	0	Developer
palmalex	aisearch	1	No specific role
palminator	apollomigration	1	No specific role
panagiotiss	artifax	0	Developer
pandur	crosswater	1	No specific role
pandur	mindx	0	No specific role
panhead490	tbroot	0	Developer
paninaro	advas	1	No specific role
panman75	theanvil	0	Developer
panmanphil	snapdal	1	No specific role
panokhin	digi	0	Developer
panpaliamahen	c-open-smpp-34	0	No specific role
panser	syscriptor	1	Tester
pansteth	microjavadallas	0	Developer
panther_d	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
paoloperrotta	hibernate	0	Developer
paolorossi	camelos	0	Developer
paour	resbundleedit	1	No specific role
papercranescut	gill	1	No specific role
papit01	napai	1	No specific role
paploo	portabilitykit	0	No specific role
paquettem	distcctracker	1	No specific role
paradoxnj	jetpp	1	Unix Admin
paralizer	uhook	1	No specific role
paralogiki	npl	1	No specific role
paramai	xet	1	Developer
paramythis	jenserad	1	Project Manager
paranoid12	emaria	0	No specific role
paraxenic	mailtext	1	Developer
parcival	bigapache	1	Developer
paregorios	epidoc	1	Project Manager
parejkoj	gnuplot-py	0	Developer
parkerb	jpivot	0	No specific role
parmadil	iman-macosx	1	No specific role
parseexception	ltp	0	Developer
parsley72	wcetools	1	No specific role
paruwo	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
parywu	statem	1	No specific role
pascalp	eiffel	1	No specific role
pascalp	elj	0	Developer
pascalp	elj-win32	0	No specific role
pascalscheffers	cantcl	1	Developer
pasnox	monkeystudio	1	Developer
passedtime	neosdoc	0	Developer
patch72	utplsql	1	Developer
patdaman999	mase	0	Developer
pate	rubynet	1	Developer
pathakss	mx4j	0	Developer
pathfnder	ezwebdb	1	No specific role
paticubita	wanghy	0	Developer
paton	guia	1	No specific role
paton	jdolly	1	No specific role
paton	wafer	0	Developer
paton	webonswing	1	No specific role
patoski	cpolib	1	All-Hands Person
patrek	ganymede	0	Developer
patriciahawkins	voicecode	0	Developer
patricioros	pyscin	1	No specific role
patrickh	ggt	1	All-Hands Person
patrickh	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
patrickh	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
patrickh	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
patrickjchase	opengrid	0	Developer
patrickvankann	castor-taglib	1	No specific role
patrick_leb	inline-java	1	Project Manager
patrick_reilly	cep	0	Doc Writer
patrick_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
patrige	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
patriot1burke	hibernate	0	Developer
patrys	bonezengine	1	Developer
pats536	tsguwm	1	No specific role
patterd	pipe2	1	Developer
patthoyts	tcludp	1	Developer
patthoyts	tkcon	1	All-Hands Person
patthoyts	tktable	1	Developer
patthoyts	tls	0	Developer
pattyd19	cpo	0	Developer
paubert	metaet	1	No specific role
paul-gregory	getthecolor	1	Project Manager
paul-h	aaa4avalon	0	Developer
paul-h	petsoar	1	Developer
paulbrinkley	sql2objects	1	Project Manager
pauldubois	game-math3d	0	Developer
paulebob	jwaretechniques	1	No specific role
paulfernhout	patapata	1	Developer
paulfox	tplockbox	0	No specific role
pauljohn32	artstkmkt	1	No specific role
paulkuit	celldb	1	No specific role
paullucas	jpivot	0	No specific role
paulmcdermott74	cosf	0	Developer
paulmckenney	lbs	0	Developer
paulorp	m3dea	1	No specific role
paulos	ppf	0	Developer
paulozac	encnet	0	No specific role
paulo_ortolan	javawizard	1	No specific role
paulperkins	pocketpctools	1	No specific role
paulperkins	tailforwin32	1	Project Manager
paulpreece	codepad	1	No specific role
paulramsden	log4eclipse	1	Project Manager
paulrbrown	jaxen	0	Developer
paulrene	agilis	1	No specific role
paulrosen	abcp	0	No specific role
paulseamus	timetrack	1	Developer
paulsingleton	jpl	0	No specific role
paultsmith	struts	0	Developer
paultucker	xhuggle	1	Developer
paulwong	opendws	0	No specific role
paul_afcommerce	afcommerce	1	Developer
paul_c	simpl	0	No specific role
paul_galbraith	jxsql	1	No specific role
pautier	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
pavelsavin	blazze	1	Project Manager
pavelsh	foxcb	1	Project Manager
pavenables	epptt	1	Project Manager
pavlikus	jedit	0	Developer
pawlos	pulpit	1	Developer
pawnsushi	jedit	0	Developer
pawnsushi	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pax09	configrw	1	No specific role
payement	ti89editor	1	Project Manager
paynter	stemmers	1	No specific role
paysan	thinking-forth	1	Developer
paza	uml	0	Developer
pazata	synedit	0	Developer
pazzooo	libdbms	1	Project Manager
pbalogh	libcconf	0	Developer
pbanderson	jdbforms	0	Doc Writer
pbarnes7	utplsql	0	Developer
pbaumard	eclipsetidy	1	Project Manager
pbdebyl	ai-standards	0	Developer
pbdhivakar	pactool	1	No specific role
pbh-at-mit	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
pblanton	tporpheus	1	No specific role
pblanton	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
pblarsen	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
pblarsen	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
pblarsen	tpipro	0	No specific role
pblarsen	tporpheus	0	No specific role
pbloemendaal	jprops	1	No specific role
pbloemendaal	propobjs	1	No specific role
pbolle	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
pbrane	game-math3d	0	Developer
pbreneman	tpapro	0	No specific role
pbreneman	tpaproclx	0	No specific role
pbreneman	tpipro	0	No specific role
pbzdyl	jfreereport	0	Developer
pcaron	phpquebec	1	No specific role
pcauto	entitytable	1	No specific role
pcauto	jstatemachine	1	No specific role
pcauto	qf-objects	1	No specific role
pcg	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
pcg	kgsueme	1	No specific role
pck_	pyqt-wrapper	1	No specific role
pcm79	wsis	0	Developer
pcostabel	gtk-cocoa	1	No specific role
pcoucke	spring-cache	1	No specific role
pcrigby	tagsea	1	Developer
pcs_org	pcstoolkit	1	No specific role
pcwong	mswid	1	No specific role
pcxuser	htmlobject	1	No specific role
pda	escot	1	Developer
pda	giotto	1	Developer
pda	triassic	1	Developer
pda	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
pdabrowski	pyut	0	Developer
pdaddict	xoops	0	Developer
pdahlen	sharppdf	0	No specific role
pdalet	gpib82357a	1	No specific role
pdawes	bicyclerepair	1	Project Manager
pdcawley	perlunit	1	Developer
pdestroy	schematics	0	No specific role
pdevrijer	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
pdihe	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
pdima	quantaplus	1	Developer
pdimov	boost	0	Developer
pdkb	pdkb	1	No specific role
pdm	fxutility	0	Developer
pdm	wxtl	0	Developer
pdoane	fort	1	No specific role
pdoane	libre	0	No specific role
pdovydaitis	udengine	1	No specific role
pdr	xmldb	1	Project Manager
peacekeeper	tcalc	0	Tester
pean	tomcatide	1	No specific role
peass	blake	1	No specific role
peastman	uikit	1	No specific role
pebbleroller	pebble-talk	1	No specific role
pebek	qnpmag	1	No specific role
pecanha	gbboleto	0	Web Designer
peccavi	peccavi	1	No specific role
pedersen	autorealm	1	Developer
pedlefsen	csbi	1	Developer
pedro	netxx	1	No specific role
pedrofp	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
pedro_cristian	propertyexplore	1	No specific role
pedro_ferreira	boost	0	Developer
peejeh	phpdoctor	1	No specific role
peejeh	tonic	1	No specific role
peerroyla	libusb-win32	0	Developer
peipa	sharppdf	0	Developer
pekberg	ggi	1	Developer
pekeler	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
pemen	xfr	0	Developer
pemen	xoops	0	Developer
pennekamp	whereis	1	Developer
pensarguet	lantern	0	Developer
peoopus	projector	1	Project Manager
pep4	cadkit	1	Project Manager
pepax	idal	1	Developer
pepecito	dedalu	1	All-Hands Person
pepijnve	al4java	1	No specific role
pepls	mercuri	1	All-Hands Person
per	graphico	1	No specific role
perdian	javalauncher	1	No specific role
pere	fnccheck	1	Developer
pereira_jair	notarium	0	Developer
performer24	ngmp	1	No specific role
pergj	lxr	1	Developer
peridotventures	ospi	1	Developer
perja	cjan	0	Analysis / Design
perkens	openshore	0	Developer
perky	ctypes	0	No specific role
perlfreak	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
perlguy0	ctags	0	Developer
perlmage	beepcore-ruby	0	Developer
perltidy	perltidy	1	No specific role
perniolagi	isoj2me	0	Developer
perryn	oje	0	No specific role
persefon	eimp	1	Project Manager
perspex	pyode	1	No specific role
persquare	aquaterm	1	Developer
perty	cdjlib	1	Developer
per_nyfelt	xmldb-org	1	No specific role
pesalomo	lmappletserver	1	No specific role
peschimo	dptool	1	Developer
pesco	haskell-i18n	1	No specific role
pesco	haskell-libs	0	Developer
peshk	syspect	0	Developer
pestacio	utplsql	0	Developer
petasis	tclagent	1	No specific role
petasis	tktable	0	Developer
petays	tammi	0	Developer
petecarapetyan	keel	1	All-Hands Person
petecassetta	xmlwriter	0	Developer
petehug	libodbcxx	1	Developer
peter3	dxgettext	0	Developer
peter3	jvcl	0	Developer
peter3	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
peter7723	v2d	0	Doc Writer
peteragarwal	www-sms	0	Developer
peteralexharvey	odbc-class-lib	1	No specific role
peterb	oddas	1	No specific role
peterbe	issuetracker	1	No specific role
peterbecker	beandb	1	Project Manager
peterbecker	edgar	1	No specific role
peterbla	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
peterboehringer	maloney	1	Project Manager
peterbraswell	compass	0	Developer
peterbraswell	utopx	1	No specific role
petercai	beetopvsaddin	1	No specific role
peterchen73	fsec	0	Developer
peterdb	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
petere78	osdb	0	Developer
peterfriedland	comjava	1	No specific role
petergangzhang	confucius	1	No specific role
peteri	bigloo-lib	0	Developer
peterjhaas	jediapi	1	All-Hands Person
peterk	bepythoncomp	1	No specific role
petermichalek	htmltok	0	No specific role
petermr	cdk	0	Developer
peterr	xoops	0	Developer
petersonx	jgeneva	1	No specific role
petertt	pword	1	Developer
petervr	lwneuralnet	1	Developer
petervr	lwneuralnetplus	0	Developer
peter_	dev-cpp	0	Developer
peter_bengtsson	autotaglib	1	No specific role
peter_pilgrim	bridgetown	1	No specific role
peter_p_s	jasperreports	0	Developer
peti	haskell-libs	0	Developer
petiz	clx-report	0	Developer
petli	python-xlib	1	No specific role
petr	cscope	1	Developer
petrenkomaxim	ges	1	No specific role
petrok	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
petrolix	cplusplus	0	Developer
petrul	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
petruliatko	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
pettys	nfop	1	No specific role
pettys	userstorynet	1	Project Manager
pevm	soup	1	Project Manager
pez4brian	mstring	0	Project Manager
pfajeau	jcache	0	Developer
pfalcon	mingwrep	1	All-Hands Person
pfdietz	armedbear-j	0	Tester
pfdietz	clocc	0	Developer
pfdietz	sbcl	0	Tester
pfeiffer	bits-a-gogo	1	No specific role
pfeiffer	okopo	1	No specific role
pfharris	jcrontab	0	Developer
pfil	jscroll	0	No specific role
pfred	wildweb	1	Developer
pfremy	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
pfryan	micro-workflow	0	Developer
pfryan	rvtest	1	Developer
pfuschi	proton-ce	0	Developer
pgampe	logfile-radius	1	No specific role
pgarcia	voicerlib	1	No specific role
pgava	wxcode	0	Developer
pgbaum	gnocl	1	No specific role
pgcrism	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
pgcrism	safe	1	No specific role
pgearon	jrdf	1	Developer
pghosh	sql2objects	0	No specific role
pgmillard	jabbercom	1	No specific role
pgmjsd	hibernate	0	Developer
pgmjsd	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
pgolovin	xsltml	1	Project Manager
pgorrow	voicecode	0	Developer
pgouard	iwroot	0	No specific role
pgroen	generic-wrkflow	0	Requirements Engineering
pgrunik	jdbforms	1	Developer
pguyot	klibs	1	No specific role
pg_tip	cereal-web-kit	0	No specific role
phac	phpguardian	1	No specific role
phah	log4j2db	1	All-Hands Person
phaller	jgoose	0	Developer
phansen	pyjtf	1	No specific role
phantombmx	scarsrl	0	No specific role
phase	libcwd	0	Tester
phasews	struts	0	Developer
phatbloke	xoops	0	Developer
phatcher	nhibernate	0	Developer
phbucher	form4j	0	No specific role
phelps	polyglotman	1	No specific role
phelps	tkman	1	No specific role
phenderson27	prograde	0	Developer
phensgen	uml	1	No specific role
phherlin	pmd	0	Developer
phid75	bsframework	0	All-Hands Person
philcya	pbunit	1	Developer
phildev	resknife	0	Developer
philduba	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
philgoetz	ai-standards	0	Developer
philipa	grinder	1	No specific role
philipdumont	python-gtkextra	0	Developer
philiplindsay	themongoose	1	No specific role
philippejbruno	tpapro	0	No specific role
philippejbruno	tpaproclx	0	Developer
philippejbruno	tpipro	0	No specific role
philipp_t	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
philips	jeenius	0	Developer
philips	jporta	0	Developer
philips_usb	isp176x-hcd	1	No specific role
philipx	jedit	0	No specific role
philipx	projectbench	1	No specific role
phillippettit	exceptionreport	1	No specific role
phillippettit	jaxdiag	1	No specific role
phillipsm	avis	1	No specific role
philou_themes	xfr	1	Web Designer
philou_themes	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
phil_schwartz	pythondateutil	1	No specific role
phil_sj	eaitoolbox	1	No specific role
phinrichsen	tiopf	1	Project Manager
phishman3579	xmdaemon	1	No specific role
phlambert	plsql-reports	1	No specific role
phocker	swcalendar	1	No specific role
phoebusbr	elips	0	Developer
phoenix	sdldoc	0	No specific role
phoenixfr	kafenio	0	Developer
phoenixz	phoenixz	1	Project Manager
phoink	resultsetmapper	1	No specific role
pholser	jester	0	Developer
photog	filderwetter	1	No specific role
photoneffect	coldet	1	No specific role
photoneffect	libcon	1	No specific role
photon_dan	ogpm	0	Developer
php-osma	php-osma	1	No specific role
phpbbmodders	phpbbproject	1	Developer
phplusadmin	phplus	1	All-Hands Person
phporcaffeine	loggin	1	No specific role
phppp	xoops	1	Developer
phpwalter	php-yacs	1	Project Manager
phpwiz2	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
phraktle	tacos	1	Project Manager
phreakster001	pyvgl	1	Project Manager
phrodo	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
phustad	surrogate	1	No specific role
phuture	teng	0	No specific role
phwang	jfern	0	Developer
ph_la	kxml	0	Developer
ph_vijghen	xooof	0	No specific role
piascikj	gridiron	1	No specific role
pichbe	sharppdf	0	No specific role
pid117	wixgui	0	Developer
pier1972	opnieuw	1	No specific role
pieronne	pyconstruct	0	Developer
pierpaolo_pk81	basil-text	1	No specific role
pierreg0	tjdo	0	Developer
pierre_le_riche	fastmm	1	No specific role
piersk	phpsupportboard	1	Project Manager
pijll	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
pil	jregression	1	Project Manager
pilotpencil	myforms	0	Developer
pilsator	netdeserialize	1	Developer
pilsby	vcf	0	Developer
pim42	foxserv	1	No specific role
pimanttr	dataexplorer	0	No specific role
pinak	xmltools	0	Doc Writer
pinakmengle	xradar	0	Developer
pinanti	sodaframework	1	No specific role
pincocazzillo	isoj2me	0	No specific role
pineapple_liu	pyuuid	1	No specific role
pineson	eclipse-picdt	0	Developer
pinom	frb	1	No specific role
pinotree	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
piotrbala	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
piotrjura	mystix	1	Project Manager
piotrp	lefthand	0	Developer
piotrszulawski	wmunit	0	Developer
pipenb	xmlio	1	Project Manager
pipitonho	fortesreport	0	Developer
piratis	j2megl	1	No specific role
piratron	jserviceserver	1	No specific role
pischky	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
pisee	pisee	1	Project Manager
piso	armedbear-j	1	No specific role
pit22	xmlpp	1	Project Manager
pitje	jedit	0	No specific role
pitosalas	informa	0	Developer
pitsishin	hippopotam	1	Developer
pitt	projectbutler	0	No specific role
pitzer	ltilib	0	Developer
pive	okernel	1	Developer
pive	xelements	1	No specific role
pivwan	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
pizzooid	pword	1	Developer
pjaromin	struts	0	Developer
pjbrownva	keel	0	Developer
pjcabrera_java	snap	1	All-Hands Person
pjcast	visualogrecore	1	No specific role
pjcast	wgois	1	No specific role
pjco	geniconxp	1	No specific role
pjenvey	chaosengine	0	Unix Admin
pjfitzgibbons	simplyvbunit	0	Developer
pjjt	jsxml	1	Developer
pjm_design	ogpm	1	Developer
pjm_design	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
pjohnsen	openwebload	1	Developer
pjotrp	logtodo	1	Project Manager
pjread	arroyo	0	Developer
pjsb	gous	1	Project Manager
pj_aquino	snap	0	Developer
pk903	pipe2	1	Developer
pkaluski	lguitest	1	No specific role
pkaluski	winguitest	1	Developer
pkarnick	cadkit	0	Developer
pkenens	eulersharp	0	Developer
pkinnucan	cedet	0	Developer
pkirk25	ndal	0	Developer
pkjbr	jadaptiveforms	1	No specific role
pkoatelca	dptool	1	Developer
pkoeker	jxmlguibuilder	1	Developer
pkreglicki	jpolls	0	Web Designer
pladams9	cgcps	1	No specific role
plamaiziere	yaesockets	0	No specific role
plange	oges	1	Project Manager
plars	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
plars	stp	0	Developer
platinum_pt	buddhism	1	Project Manager
platypuus	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
play	cdx	0	Developer
plcl	kylixlibs	0	Developer
pleasereferto	tmessage	1	No specific role
plerner	gtkmm	0	No specific role
pleumann	jhotdraw	0	Developer
pleumann	kxml	0	Developer
plexus73	sternenfeuer	1	No specific role
pliang	jxunit	0	Developer
plillevold	bananadotnet	1	No specific role
plillevold	dungweed	1	Developer
plinskey	serp	0	Developer
pljones	plj-simpe	1	All-Hands Person
plosson	xybrix	0	Developer
plpolak	delphimodbus	1	Project Manager
plpolak	synedit	0	Developer
plsqlguy	utplsql	1	No specific role
pluellen	swingml	0	Developer
plueschix	jeline	1	No specific role
plueschix	scola	1	Developer
plueschix	weeje	1	No specific role
plughead	mainejug	1	Project Manager
plugin	phpblib	0	Developer
plumtree	portlet-opensrc	1	Project Manager
plund	ccull	1	No specific role
plural	chiphpug	0	Developer
pm215	voicecode	0	Developer
pmamut	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
pmanghwani	openmap	1	Developer
pmariusz	alde	1	Project Manager
pmarrone	joone	1	Project Manager
pmatias	freeflash	1	Developer
pmaupin	warbler	1	No specific role
pmayer	intoj	1	No specific role
pmayer	preclipse	1	Project Manager
pmcelhaney	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
pmcelhaney	wireframetool	0	Developer
pmckinstry	parc	1	Project Manager
pmendes	eaasyst	1	Project Manager
pmenso57	boost	0	Developer
pmetz	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
pmgremo	transmogrify	0	No specific role
pmichalek	jsphere	1	No specific role
pmiller	aegis	1	No specific role
pmiller	contrast	1	No specific role
pmiller	srecord	1	No specific role
pmilliken	voicecode	0	Developer
pmittal	satedit	0	Developer
pmode	styleassistant	1	All-Hands Person
pmonks	elj	0	Developer
pmonks	elj-win32	0	Developer
pmonoto	amxmodx	0	Developer
pmonoto	sourcemm	1	No specific role
pmonoto	sourcemod	0	Developer
pmoran	field-model	1	No specific role
pmorch	jhotdraw	0	Developer
pmosimann	agnes	1	Project Manager
pmrsa	worksco	0	Developer
pmueller	picotk	0	No specific role
pmuellr	cpost	1	Project Manager
pmuellr	mwep	1	No specific role
pmwmedia	bigint	1	Project Manager
pmycro	pword	0	Developer
pmylemans	secureinstaller	1	Developer
pnambic	qxi	1	All-Hands Person
pne	lingua-zompist	1	No specific role
pne	perl-klingon	1	No specific role
pne	verdurian	1	Project Manager
pneyens	attachlayout	1	No specific role
pnp-software	xweaver	1	No specific role
pobrien	bdoz	1	No specific role
pobrien	pygoldmine	1	No specific role
pobrien	pythoncard	0	Developer
poclea	cserver	0	Developer
pocsolya	yafumle	1	Developer
pod9160	carbine	1	No specific role
podo	fractalkiss	0	Web Designer
poethig	bluewonder	1	Analysis / Design
poettering	libshbuf	1	No specific role
poezr	qscada	0	Unix Admin
pofider	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
pofider	starbugp	1	No specific role
pointejb	prograde	0	Developer
poirchr	pom	1	No specific role
pok	lxr	0	Developer
pokorra	sql2diagram	1	No specific role
pokqwd	coreserver	1	No specific role
poku512	bugsquash	1	Project Manager
polli	haskell-libs	0	Developer
pollini	javaparty	0	Developer
polus	xm17n	1	No specific role
polushin	collections-j15	1	No specific role
polx	jedit	0	No specific role
polx	xwing	1	Developer
polyhill	hill-lily	1	No specific role
pomarc	sharpa	1	No specific role
pombredanne	nteam	0	No specific role
pombredanne	phpeclipse	1	Developer
pombredanne	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
ponced	cedet	0	Developer
pondu	uddp	1	No specific role
pondyprem	quantum	0	No specific role
pongtawat	xet	1	Developer
pontifex	jformatter	1	No specific role
poogle	powertemplate	1	No specific role
poopi	port4ever	1	No specific role
pooryorick	pythoric	1	No specific role
popovich	crm114	1	No specific role
porco	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
pornel	brephp	1	No specific role
portele	multiplatform	0	Developer
portiatung	springframework	0	Developer
porton	glib-bind	1	No specific role
porton	uniparser	1	No specific role
postsite	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
post_site	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
posypkin	xasm	0	Developer
potempkin	xmlxslt	0	Developer
poucin	dotnetmaker	1	No specific role
poutsma	springframework	0	Developer
powelljf3	jext	1	Developer
powelljf3	mantra	0	Developer
powercrazy	carbon	1	No specific role
powerobjectcms	powerobjects	1	No specific role
powerslave12	xmdt	0	No specific role
poyntesm	phpbbmantis	1	Developer
pp11	simpletest	1	Editorial/Content Writer
ppagel	fitnesse	0	Developer
ppeterburgskyy	i18nedit	0	Developer
ppl	opencbp	1	Developer
ppoller	multiplatform	0	Developer
pqpsoft	scacad	1	Developer
prabhakar	banjo	1	No specific role
prabhatjha	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
prabhub	jcdlib	1	No specific role
prabhuji	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
pradox	abcwebclient	1	Developer
pragdave	iowa	0	Developer
pragmatico	pragmatico	1	No specific role
prajendran	easypersistence	0	No specific role
prakashdibya	miset	0	No specific role
prashantkvc	grupohci	0	Developer
prashantkvc	id-validate	0	Developer
prat	drjava	0	Developer
prdutta	zmpls	1	No specific role
pre	midgard-rad	1	No specific role
preira	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
preisl	log4py	1	Project Manager
preisl	pygnome-tools	1	No specific role
prepicky	drjava	0	Developer
preylude	hidam	1	No specific role
prez	mantra	1	Project Manager
prfaleiros	encnet	0	No specific role
pribali	sqldata	1	Project Manager
prichards	mantisbt	0	Developer
prieditis	ai-standards	0	Developer
prikryl	doxygen	0	Developer
prioux	pirobject	1	No specific role
privera1	codebook	0	Developer
proberts99	libsssd	1	No specific role
proberts99	lmy	1	No specific role
prodi	xinstall	0	Developer
profetas	pelanguage	1	No specific role
profiploch_68	ebnfparse	1	No specific role
progdigy	jvcl	0	Developer
programmer16	ptrivia	1	No specific role
projectameba	ameba	1	No specific role
projektfarm	dotlucene	1	No specific role
projettwk	animsrenaming	1	Unix Admin
prokoudine	gimp-sharp	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
prokushev	osfree	1	No specific role
promit	sharpfs	1	Developer
pronovic	wordutils	1	Developer
prophecyslides	johndoe	1	No specific role
prophecyslides	mav	1	Developer
prosenjit	clumper	1	No specific role
prosenjit	dissect	1	No specific role
prottier	webserviceedu	1	Developer
provos	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
proyal	jaxen	1	Project Manager
proyal	saxpath	1	Project Manager
prozacx	zorta	0	Developer
prplehaze2	doctorjopentool	1	Developer
pruan	eaasyst	0	Developer
prudhomm	corelinux	0	All-Hands Person
pr_tiglao	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
psantosl	defectcontrol	1	Developer
pschoenb	eclipse-cleaner	1	Developer
pschoenb	einteractive	1	No specific role
pschreib	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
pseudonym	haskell-libs	1	Developer
pseudonym	hfl	1	Project Manager
psfblair	storytime	0	Developer
pshymorphic	s3fc	1	Developer
psiegmund	wxsqlite	0	No specific role
psilveirap	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
psim	phpsim	1	Project Manager
psinatmium	libavc1394	0	Developer
psi_ag	jxmlguibuilder	1	No specific role
psi_ag_toff	jxmlguibuilder	0	No specific role
psmehta	activegrid	0	Tester
psnively	whisper2	1	Developer
psoleni	aamon	1	Developer
pspeed	meta-jb	1	Project Manager
pss121	edm32	1	Project Manager
pstachal	pulpit	0	Developer
pstanar	hopper	0	Developer
psteix	jsmeg	1	No specific role
psutera	sctl	1	Developer
psw	ctlib	1	No specific role
pswitek	eocene-php	0	Developer
psycho77	zports	1	Developer
psychogenic	minixml	1	No specific role
psychomad	psycholib	1	No specific role
psychotron	commbean	1	Project Manager
psyncho	zclipse	0	No specific role
psyon	libw11	1	No specific role
psypab	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
psypath	tdbsql	1	No specific role
ptandler	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
pthaz	accessroad	1	No specific role
pthompson509	oma-scts	0	Developer
pthorel	shllib	1	No specific role
ptmcg	pyparsing	1	No specific role
ptnamus	dotgrid	0	Developer
ptoman	actionframework	1	No specific role
ptrlv	worksco	1	Project Manager
ptsarenko	hwgui	0	Developer
ptw419	cli-dasm	1	No specific role
pubuser	opentools	0	No specific role
puce	softsmithy	1	Developer
puddlor	linklipse	1	No specific role
puddpunk	idxml	0	Developer
pudge	cpan-mac	1	No specific role
pudge	mac-toolbox	1	No specific role
pue5tube	zorta	1	Developer
puffmagicdragon	tcltextedit	0	Developer
puggles	freeglut	1	Developer
puhmann	sserpengine	1	No specific role
pult	open-dbexpress	0	Developer
pupeno	asaplate	1	No specific role
pupeno	fiacvi	1	No specific role
purcell	pyunit	1	No specific role
purcell	webunit	1	No specific role
purestorm	binarycloud	0	Developer
puretak	jakarta-k	0	Developer
purikk	xtremesuite	0	Developer
purp	optdoc	1	No specific role
purpleant	crplugin	0	Developer
purplechap	clear-box	1	Project Manager
purplechap	thespg	1	Editorial/Content Writer
purpletech	jaxen	0	Developer
puudeli	libssh2	0	Developer
pvandervelde	dnanalytics	1	Project Manager
pvaneynd	clocc	1	No specific role
pvanlaake	jedimath	0	Developer
pvax	html-dom	1	No specific role
pvax	nxmlui	1	No specific role
pvgorp	motmot	1	Project Manager
pvlasov	hammurapi	1	No specific role
pvlasov	jegustator	1	No specific role
pvlasov	jsel	1	No specific role
pvlasov	umlapi	1	No specific role
pvozenilek	boost	0	Developer
pvspain	tiopf	0	No specific role
pw5	phost-contrib	0	Developer
pwa180	fhgep	1	Project Manager
pwaelti	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pwalford	arabica	0	No specific role
pwallimann	rosettast	0	Developer
pwallimann	sunit	0	Developer
pwelter34	netspell	1	Developer
pwelter34	nteam	0	Developer
pwh	weaver	1	Project Manager
pwhite2	fullcircle	1	Project Manager
pwistrand	nhibernate	0	Developer
pwithnall	instil	1	Project Manager
pwkutter	a-s-m	1	Project Manager
pwkutter	xasm	1	Project Manager
pwwisnes	meta-jb	0	Developer
pyabo	cdx	0	Developer
pygi	magy	1	No specific role
pylam	specacetao	1	No specific role
pylamhk	specacetao	0	Developer
pynoos	hsocket	1	Project Manager
pynoos	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
pyplia	wf-twister	0	Developer
pyrolistical	basicj	1	All-Hands Person
pyropunk	yamlit	1	No specific role
pyro_910	scarsrl	0	No specific role
pyrus	midgard-rad	1	Developer
pzoio	runutils	1	No specific role
p_d_austin	jload	1	All-Hands Person
p_h	phloc-logging	1	Project Manager
p_lafraise	actionfactory	1	Developer
p_millipede	paul-software	1	No specific role
p_raymanujan	form-builder-x	1	No specific role
q-webapp	webapp	0	No specific role
qades	dreamworld	1	No specific role
qades	queue4java	1	No specific role
qakid	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
qakid	webtester	0	Tester
qa_curmudgeon	fourtools	0	No specific role
qbase	augui	1	Developer
qchamaeleon	ocurl	1	No specific role
qdiggityd	hermesweb	0	Developer
qfilgus	extfilesearch	1	Developer
qgriffith	pword	1	Web Designer
qiangxue	prado	1	No specific role
qiminghe	cpetstore	1	All-Hands Person
qingfeng	lime2	1	Developer
qinghai	ewcc	0	Developer
qinghu	ttsfirefoxext	1	No specific role
qinhui99	jpivot	0	Developer
qiwenmin	palmcppunit	1	No specific role
qkfeto	phplet	0	Developer
qlmatrix	dupman	1	Project Manager
qmalik	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
qniol	antzwarz	1	Developer
qrebound	mortik	0	Developer
qtlab	qscada	1	No specific role
qu236161	cosf	0	Developer
quadword718	jrexx	0	Web Designer
quams	mca2	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
quantumfusion	ptclanserver	0	Developer
quantumg	nktspeview	1	No specific role
quarkbitz	dbconverter	0	No specific role
quattro004	openal-net-sdk	1	No specific role
quenee_j	svprog	1	Developer
querybyexample	jdbv	1	Developer
quick-qi	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
quickopen_pm	quickopen	1	Project Manager
quicksilver62	jweather	0	Developer
quikdraw	microjavadallas	1	Project Manager
quinticent	snaglepuss	1	No specific role
quintijn	voicecode	0	Developer
quintok	codename-alex	0	Developer
quiris11	brephp	1	Project Manager
quixoticraindrp	vartrack	1	No specific role
qurbonov_gulom	smartims	0	Developer
qviri	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
qylox	pippyextras	1	All-Hands Person
r00k	patchwork13	0	Developer
r0garcia	gstreamer	0	No specific role
r0hit	faro	1	No specific role
r0l0	easyuo-contkind	0	Developer
r0mi	rdevelopp	1	No specific role
r3nh03k	genp	0	Developer
r4z0r7o3	regeks	1	No specific role
r790	cl-edit	1	No specific role
r790	joomm	1	No specific role
raaum	locomotive	1	All-Hands Person
rabbit78	escher	1	Project Manager
rabbitt	xaraya	1	All-Hands Person
rabidrecluse	asmlib	1	No specific role
raboni	far-engine	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
racalac	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
rachitpatel	bugnet	0	Developer
racon	coliseum	1	Developer
racz	jorm	1	Project Manager
raczy	ivm	0	Developer
radeg	doctaur	1	No specific role
rader	epp-rtk	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
radian	pymousetrap	1	No specific role
radius	peak	0	Developer
radkade1	sfw	0	Developer
radked	simpl	0	Developer
radko28	cyclosoft	1	No specific role
raduban	dotlucene	0	Developer
raduh	lime2	1	Developer
radu_floricica	xml2swing	1	No specific role
radzimir	xorm	0	Developer
radziob	wmunit	1	Developer
rad_ad	sdlmm	0	Developer
rafael-afonso	comparatorrefle	1	No specific role
rafaelgarcia	clx-report	0	Developer
rafaelmlcb	oses	1	No specific role
rafaelsteil	blake	1	No specific role
rafael_jannone	freemmg	0	Developer
rafael_jannone	gfxlib	1	No specific role
rafael_winter	phpmywebhosting	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
raffaelespazzol	jbi4cics	1	Project Manager
raffaelespazzol	jbi4corba	1	No specific role
raffe_paffe	lib4j	1	Project Manager
ragamuffin	tailforwin32	0	Developer
raghuprasad	pybackend	1	No specific role
ragibson	wordutils	1	Developer
ragnarwestad	jfsm	1	No specific role
ragskashyap	findbugsidea	1	No specific role
rahatayub	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
rahul24x7	delphinet	0	Developer
rahulkumar	jniosocket	1	No specific role
rahulsai	cplusplus	0	Developer
raich	rabbitdev	1	No specific role
raicuandi	wgois	0	Developer
raider716	mantra	0	Developer
raigedas	dbtreetravclass	1	Project Manager
rainerbiz	xsdf	0	Developer
rainyjyu	ibug	0	Developer
rairon	floydeditor	1	No specific role
raissi	mic	0	Developer
raj1v	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
rajal	xsldoc	0	Developer
rajarshi	cdk	0	Developer
rajeshtongia	rlframework	1	Project Manager
rajindersingh	xmarks	0	Developer
rajivdas	csiniparser	0	Developer
rajonghyun	xmlization	1	Project Manager
ralex	rstplib	1	No specific role
ralf57	xoops	0	Developer
ralfe	phpeclipse	0	Developer
ralfreddin	junitdoc	1	All-Hands Person
ralmond	garnetlisp	1	Developer
ralphjohnson	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
ralphkmuench	jedimath	1	Project Manager
ralphlevan	jzjkit	1	Developer
ralu	mpnt	1	Developer
ramanajv	jpedal	0	Developer
rambius	emaria	1	No specific role
ramdizzydogg	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
ramesht	freeclx	0	Developer
ramey	boost	0	Developer
ramindia	rbopensource	1	Developer
ramin_zaghi	co2	1	No specific role
ramiroluz	txt2tags-editor	1	Developer
ramitbhardwaj	qf-utils	0	Developer
ramnathk	ramnathk	1	No specific role
ramnivas	springframework	0	Developer
rampart	rampart	1	No specific role
rampart	uma	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ramtops	perlexception	1	No specific role
ramyaganti	utplsql	0	Developer
randall-frank	mesa3d	0	Developer
randallco	ehep	1	Project Manager
randhir	dalp	1	No specific role
randolpho	zproject	1	No specific role
randolpho	zwebedit	1	No specific role
randomskk	chisel	0	Developer
randomxx	syspect	0	Developer
randyhoward	libclc	0	Developer
randy_smith	vile	0	Developer
ranf	garscreen	1	No specific role
ransom2002	jsad	1	No specific role
ranzbak	libbt	0	Developer
raorn	jamlib	1	Developer
raoulgough	boost	0	Developer
raphaelpaiva	pdbdriverview	1	No specific role
rapiersoft	rapiercpp	1	No specific role
rapine	phpdocmaker	0	Developer
raptor-32	uuu	1	All-Hands Person
raptorslc	ivm	1	No specific role
rascal1182	x3p	1	No specific role
rasjidw	pyssh	1	Project Manager
rasped	wsis	1	Project Manager
ratchet	codev	1	Project Manager
ratering	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
ratlifc	mainejug	0	No specific role
ratnakardev	informa	0	Developer
ratrent	palmfc	1	Developer
rattlerviper	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
raufi	taskbean	1	Project Manager
raulsantel	insectj	0	Developer
ravemanx	geminir	0	Developer
raven-arch	archangelinc	1	Project Manager
raven-arch	mups	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ravenix2	mysep	1	Project Manager
raving	hexedit	1	Project Manager
raving	resknife	0	Developer
ravne2000	fltk	0	Developer
ravne2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
ravs53	eclipseworld	1	No specific role
rawcoder	jhotdraw	0	Developer
rawler	runestone	1	No specific role
rawo	nlinalg	1	No specific role
rawveg	phpmxdb	1	Project Manager
raybry	lbs	0	Developer
raynox	monkeystudio	0	Developer
rayshi	esecurity	1	No specific role
rayshi	microfwk	1	No specific role
rayspostbox3	edisdk	1	All-Hands Person
rayspostbox3	jcl	0	Developer
rayspostbox3	jvcl	0	Developer
ray_223	euallegro	1	No specific role
razor950	x360sdk	1	No specific role
razorb	ofbiz	0	No specific role
razzell	tls	1	Developer
rb272213	reqwishlist	1	No specific role
rbakos	ewcc	1	Project Manager
rbala	xsphplib	1	Project Manager
rbanerji	nplanner	0	No specific role
rbarkhouse	icon-collection	0	Developer
rbdj	libpvm	1	No specific role
rbeeger	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
rbeeger	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
rbeeger	jwamforms	0	Developer
rbeeger	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
rbeeger	jwamutil	1	Developer
rbeltran	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
rbfrenchy	mfsm	1	Project Manager
rbfrenchy	visualsai	1	Project Manager
rbhat	digi	0	Developer
rbla	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
rblade	easyreg	1	No specific role
rblaze	ace-freebsd	1	All-Hands Person
rbnewton	openemcee	0	No specific role
rbondi	mydbrand	1	No specific role
rborsuk	mmsprites	1	No specific role
rbowen	config-inifiles	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rbowen	perl-date-time	1	No specific role
rboyleiii	xoops	0	Developer
rbraasem	jvcl	0	Developer
rbreen	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
rbruma	libnwrap	1	No specific role
rbuckton	nteam	0	Project Manager
rbultje	gstreamer	0	Developer
rburd	buildingblocks	1	No specific role
rc5stint	ps2dev	0	Developer
rcaputo	poe	1	No specific role
rcartwright	drjava	1	Project Manager
rcclaffe	xtoxml	1	No specific role
rcleveng	ibug	1	Developer
rcleveng	jdevelopervss	1	No specific role
rcolbey	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
rcolliton	jammies	1	Project Manager
rconcha	humano2	0	Developer
rconner	melange	1	No specific role
rconner	meta-jb	0	Developer
rconner	plexus	1	No specific role
rcpsamples	pojoeditorrcp	1	No specific role
rcresposf	javahtmlparser	0	Developer
rcromer	classbrowser	1	No specific role
rculpepper	schematics	1	Project Manager
rcyr	fourtools	1	Developer
rda-autobuild	meta-jb	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rdale	qtjava	1	Developer
rdaneelolivaw	scintilla	0	No specific role
rdbrinkhurst	webtester	0	Doc Writer
rdclark	jseditor	0	Developer
rdclark	zoolib	0	No specific role
rdeford	java3dsloader	1	No specific role
rdekenah	phpeclipse	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rdentato	abcp	1	Developer
rdj	libpvm	1	No specific role
rdmurray	py-universe	0	Developer
rdm_30	dclx	1	Project Manager
rdolgov	junitrunner	1	No specific role
rdorsch71	oggonachip	1	No specific role
rdr73	xpweb	0	Developer
rdragon01	xmlbind	1	No specific role
rdtorres	jconcurrent	1	No specific role
rdurkin	scbugdb	0	Developer
rea725	akorn	0	Project Manager
reactiva	remotecalendars	0	Developer
realguru	extremebasic	1	Developer
reallost1	openpackages	1	No specific role
realmz	beikolio	1	No specific role
realmz	linuxengine	1	No specific role
realophob	bayonne	0	No specific role
realrolfje	javaconfig	0	Developer
realrune	scarsrl	0	No specific role
realtech	dxglwrap	1	No specific role
reardentech	neosdoc	0	Web Designer
reas	processing	1	No specific role
reason9	simplestats	1	Project Manager
reassembler	mobys	1	No specific role
rebach	webelements	0	No specific role
reback	lklist	1	No specific role
reborn16	moonshadow	0	Doc Writer
rebusnet	htmlcodeconvert	1	No specific role
recipient00	yajl	1	No specific role
recrea	grupohci	0	Developer
red-robin	jydt	1	Project Manager
red0x	aeslib	1	No specific role
red1	compilo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
redbomberman	tbaproductions	1	No specific role
redbull99	peidextsigedit	1	No specific role
reddaemon	piy	0	Doc Writer
reddendon	grupohci	0	Developer
redhots	syspect	0	Developer
redi	boost	0	Developer
redi	mysqlcppapi	1	Developer
redi	pstreams	1	Developer
redm	redmcalclib	1	No specific role
redmondp	ggi	0	Developer
redsquirrel	rubyrefactor	1	All-Hands Person
redstar_	directxmodplay	1	Developer
red_pixel	sdlhan	0	No specific role
red_star	directxmodplay	0	No specific role
reeb	rubycube	1	No specific role
reeb	xcop	1	No specific role
refeyton	loganlzr	1	Developer
reflectivist	openusb	0	Developer
reflex-2000	sdlconsole	1	No specific role
reflex747	xp4ide	1	Developer
reflog	bugcli	1	No specific role
reformist	findbugs	0	Developer
refux	arch4j	1	Developer
regen_r8	formps	0	Developer
regen_r8	zang	0	Requirements Engineering
regexman	libcfu	1	No specific role
regis	dhtml-gui	0	Developer
regisnet	dotweb	0	No specific role
regisnet	openworks	0	Tester
regrainb	owlib	1	No specific role
reichel-mid	multiplatform	0	Developer
reichs	reichs	1	No specific role
reikes	regxml	1	No specific role
reinierz	fleeble	1	Project Manager
reinout	xsltsl	0	Developer
rekhar	jitter	0	Developer
rekhar	jsystemtest	0	No specific role
releasedj	vlib	1	Project Manager
remberson	jpivot	0	No specific role
remcogoris	utplsql	0	Developer
remcollier	agentfactory	1	Project Manager
remkobonte	jvcl	0	Developer
remy	xoops	0	Developer
renardo22	jpropsedit	1	No specific role
renax	scarsrl	0	No specific role
rener	c2iexplorer	1	All-Hands Person
renomas	freewin	0	No specific role
rensink	groove	1	No specific role
rentzsch	extendamac	1	Developer
rentzsch	log4cocoa	1	Developer
rentzsch	whisper2	0	Developer
repete	sfsetup	0	No specific role
reportbase	boost	0	Developer
reportbase2004	boost	0	No specific role
repo_stef	nteam	0	No specific role
reptiler	php-classes	1	No specific role
repugnant	lssdk	1	Project Manager
rer	neoview	1	No specific role
rerng007	tipitaka	1	No specific role
rerouter	log4j	1	No specific role
retek	mulib	0	Tester
retept	jedit	0	Developer
retpyrc	djconsole	1	No specific role
retrev	minissd	1	No specific role
retzki	algosatfreenode	1	No specific role
reubgr	hedgehog	1	No specific role
reval	tagprint	1	Developer
revilo2208	cdk	0	Developer
revlis	inihandler	1	No specific role
revoglmaier	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
revolutionman	btp	1	Project Manager
revolvevolution	pyeditce	1	No specific role
revusky	djbridge	1	No specific role
revusky	freemarker	1	Developer
rexem	rexedit	1	No specific role
rexguo	javapsd	1	No specific role
rexorient	log4py	0	Developer
rexx	bsf4rexx	1	No specific role
reyes	ustring	1	No specific role
reykjavikingur	lisp-bind-perl	1	No specific role
rezzie	rezziesoft	1	All-Hands Person
rferrer	javaspy	1	No specific role
rfferreira	free4project	0	Developer
rfletch6	jedit	0	No specific role
rfreitas	regexplorer	0	No specific role
rfzabick	rubyrefactor	1	No specific role
rf_hunter	trilldev	0	Developer
rgammans	telo	1	No specific role
rgarcia	boost	0	Developer
rgardler	saafe	1	Project Manager
rgastone	caboquinho	0	Project Manager
rgbrenner	sgets	1	All-Hands Person
rgclan	xinca	1	No specific role
rgerhards	win32uxlib	1	No specific role
rgielen	ofbiz	0	No specific role
rgipps	gtkextra	0	Developer
rgittens	phplet	0	Developer
rgiuly	zcontrols	1	No specific role
rgluck	objectbase	0	No specific role
rgovostes	xmemedit	1	No specific role
rgreinke	arch4j	1	Developer
rgrenar	misterengine	0	Developer
rgrieselhuber	imshell	1	No specific role
rgrjr	ilisp	0	Developer
rgrzywinski	javarcx	1	No specific role
rgsmith	umlsculptor	0	No specific role
rguetlein	rtos167	1	No specific role
rgustav	pmd	0	Developer
rhaco	rhaco	1	Project Manager
rhallier	ultim	1	Project Manager
rharder	iharder	1	Project Manager
rhartenbower	ejbvoyager	1	Project Manager
rharwood	vbaunit	1	No specific role
rhat	lnc	0	Developer
rhat	pmdmc	1	No specific role
rhauf	smartcc	0	Developer
rhee	algoview	1	No specific role
rheiny	hexered	1	No specific role
rheiny	pelib	1	No specific role
rhettinger	pythoncard	0	Developer
rhickey	foil	1	No specific role
rhickey	jfli	1	No specific role
rhino-jthin	jthinado	1	No specific role
rhino-x	mp3apollo	0	Developer
rhjennings	phost-contrib	0	Developer
rhonings	excel2progress	1	No specific role
rhoobler	jbproject	1	No specific role
rhsumiya	jbanana	0	Developer
rhthornburrow	gdbi	0	Developer
rhursti	javachecker	1	No specific role
rhymed	chickenscratch	1	All-Hands Person
rhymed	inkmenu	1	No specific role
riaan	fundementals	0	No specific role
riastradh	haskell-libs	0	Developer
riazmd	jspin	1	No specific role
ribbi	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
ribizli	systray	1	No specific role
ricard33	iwroot	1	Project Manager
ricardoj	tclwebcompanion	1	No specific role
ricardo_gci	jbanana	0	Developer
ricardo_padilha	jhotdraw	0	Developer
ricerobs	drjava	0	Developer
richard	pypi	1	No specific role
richard	roundup	1	Developer
richardarcher	phplib	1	Developer
richardb	gstreamer	0	Developer
richardbarry	freertos	1	Developer
richardf	perlbug	1	No specific role
richardlight	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
richardlynch	chiphpug	1	No specific role
richardroesnadi	hwgui	0	Developer
richard_kurz	qcw-plugin	1	No specific role
richard_lyle	powerfile	1	No specific role
richbodo	bayonne	1	No specific role
richbodo	ccaudio	1	No specific role
richbodo	cplusplus	0	Distributor/Promoter
richhl	ejosa	1	Developer
richi	fraglets	0	No specific role
richieb	efsa	1	Developer
richier	jerrorreporter	1	No specific role
richier	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
richterger	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
rich_sposato	utilparsers	1	Project Manager
rickardoberg	petsoar	0	Developer
rickardoberg	webwork	1	Project Manager
rickbeton	libcsp	1	No specific role
rickcr	basicportal	0	Developer
rickgehrs	voicecode	0	Developer
rickgibbs	jedit	0	No specific role
rickgiles	bluejcheckstyle	1	No specific role
rickhall	exymen	0	No specific role
rickknowles	satellitewebapp	1	No specific role
rickreynolds	processdash	0	No specific role
rickross	gotjava	1	Project Manager
rick_price	progect	1	Developer
rick_price	pythonpalmdb	1	No specific role
ricola71	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
ricoz	drac-cardlib	1	No specific role
ricpelo	httlcseifspa	1	No specific role
ridesmet	eimp	1	Developer
riduidel	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
riege	avango	0	Developer
riffraff	reflection	1	No specific role
riftit	coadunation	1	No specific role
rikbarker	dxgettext	0	Developer
rikbarker	jcl	0	Developer
rikesh	n-able	1	All-Hands Person
rikul	anjuta	0	Developer
rillig	towers-of-hanoi	1	No specific role
rilson	osdldbt	0	Developer
rimovm	emo	0	Developer
rincewindwizard	eprog	1	Developer
ringdal	ibootadvanced	1	No specific role
ringjanitor	lor	1	Project Manager
rinzwind	staple	1	No specific role
rio	zfm	1	No specific role
riotgear	libax	1	No specific role
ripcurlx	as2lib	0	Developer
risc2	jakarta-k	0	Developer
risosir	ivm	0	Developer
risques	daffodilnet	0	Editorial/Content Writer
ritesht	jfcunit	0	Developer
ritujain	jbossrulesnet	1	No specific role
ritujain	laszloextension	1	No specific role
riverlet	murong	1	No specific role
rivorus	surgecauldron	1	No specific role
riztan	t-gtk	0	No specific role
rizzato	luajava	0	Developer
rjan	r-osgi	1	Project Manager
rjc	maverick	1	No specific role
rjdsilv	gczeus	0	Developer
rjee	fleeble	1	Developer
rjennings	openwfe	0	Developer
rjlorimer	coffeeby1	1	No specific role
rjohnsto	personaldb	1	No specific role
rjsamson	simplicitysharp	1	No specific role
rjtanner	gridarta	0	Developer
rkalra	easymbean	1	No specific role
rkaushik72	elixre	0	Developer
rkhill	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
rkiesler	powerprinter	1	Developer
rkiesling	perltkextra	1	No specific role
rkirkby	empeg-vfdlib	1	No specific role
rkobes	camelpack	0	Developer
rkosta	eclipsecolorer	1	No specific role
rkratz	rlib	0	Doc Writer
rkrzewsk	blueskytime	0	Developer
rlaneve	nteam	0	Developer
rlazarus	findbugs	0	No specific role
rleftwich	jxquick	0	No specific role
rleftwich	jxunit	0	Developer
rletosa	xfp	0	Developer
rlewisshell	tapestry	0	Developer
rlisboars	nspode	0	Developer
rlundy	neosdoc	1	Project Manager
rluong	eimp	0	Developer
rlz_marcus	delphinet	1	No specific role
rm242	jrexx	1	Developer
rma-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
rmaclean	simplerss	1	All-Hands Person
rmaddy	ideavim	1	No specific role
rmalinowski	javaacl	1	No specific role
rmarinie	sgio	1	Developer
rmarinie	soar	1	Developer
rmatech	agentacademy	1	Developer
rmatta	basicportal	0	No specific role
rmccullough	tesly	0	Developer
rmcpeak	openpjb	0	Developer
rmdevteam	realmethods	0	Developer
rmessier	nits	1	No specific role
rmet0815	pphplib	1	No specific role
rmharris	cwpapi	1	Project Manager
rmihal	grammar2parser	1	No specific role
rminnich	chamatools	0	Developer
rminsk	openfxshakehost	0	No specific role
rmkelley	csbi	0	Developer
rmoberg	internetdirect	0	Developer
rmontag	wfmopen	0	Developer
rmontrose	wabajump	0	Developer
rmpp	phoenixams	1	Project Manager
rmrfchik	debdocview	1	No specific role
rmsupport	realmethods	0	Developer
rnagy2003	stdnoj	1	No specific role
rnix	nicerobot	1	No specific role
rnm-metalogic	dacs-contrib	1	No specific role
rnstech	yacg	1	No specific role
rnurmi	tclodbc	1	All-Hands Person
roadkill16	codename-alex	0	Developer
roadkillbunny	tclcanvas	1	Project Manager
roarl	real-java	1	No specific role
rob-smith	jfileexplorer	0	Web Designer
rob0210	myphpnuke	0	Developer
rob107	ebeanorm	1	No specific role
robbiew	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
robbie_79uk	id-validate	0	Developer
robbn	valtoolkit	1	No specific role
robbn	wmqtools	0	Developer
robbrandt	xpinstaller	1	No specific role
robeden	trove4j	0	Developer
robekras	phpeclipse	0	Developer
robekras	xoops	0	Doc Writer
robermann	sounding-code	1	Project Manager
robertall	ajaxcms	1	No specific role
robertaustin	ebook-writer	1	No specific role
robertaustin	openises	1	No specific role
robertforss	cdjlib	0	Developer
robertguite	emunes	1	No specific role
robertguite	nesdevkit	1	Developer
robertjlove	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
robertjlove	tpapro	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpaproclx	0	Tester
robertjlove	tpbtreefiler	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpessence	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpflashfiler	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpipro	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tplockbox	0	Project Manager
robertjlove	tpofficepartner	0	Developer
robertjlove	tponguard	0	Developer
robertjlove	tporpheus	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpshellshock	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpsystools	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
robertjlove	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
robertk	fltk	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
robertmacgrogan	pswing	1	No specific role
robertmartin	fitnesse	1	Unix Admin
robertmeyer	rlib	0	Developer
robertmm	camprocessor	1	All-Hands Person
robertod	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
robertolotufo	pymorph	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
robertostling	asmcrew	1	No specific role
robertrossucd	agentfactory	1	No specific role
robertsanders	jsai	1	No specific role
robertw012	ixpress	1	All-Hands Person
robert_futrell	officelnfs	1	No specific role
robert_futrell	rtext	1	No specific role
robert_kuzelj	pragmatico	1	Developer
robert_seeger	tclstubs	1	No specific role
robert_siqueira	gdc	1	No specific role
robert_stindl	cassandra	0	All-Hands Person
robflynn	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
robfollett	geolib	1	No specific role
robgtaylor	droid	1	Developer
robharrop	springframework	1	Developer
robharrop	springnet	0	No specific role
robinbagot	jpivot	0	No specific role
robind	pybsddb	1	Project Manager
robind	pythoncard	1	Developer
robind	wxcode	0	Developer
robind	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
robinkohli	id-validate	0	Web Designer
robinm	xpweb	0	Project Manager
robinrowe	gtk-osx	1	Project Manager
robject68	yaml4j	1	No specific role
roblez	harbourminigui	1	No specific role
robloach	monoxna	1	Developer
robloach	sharpfs	0	Developer
roblugt	open-top	1	No specific role
robmckinnon	jedit	0	No specific role
robmckinnon	rubyjedit	1	No specific role
robnielsen	wabajump	0	Developer
robos	lin-prog-newbie	1	No specific role
robost86	asmcrew	1	Developer
roboticist	freespeech	0	Developer
robr182	neolib	1	Project Manager
robroberts	tpapro	0	Developer
robroberts	tpbtreefiler	1	Project Manager
robroberts	tplockbox	0	Developer
robroberts	tporpheus	0	Developer
robroberts	tpsystools	0	Developer
robroberts	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
robrt	perlbug	1	Developer
robsaunders	fear	0	Developer
robsmyth	devcodemetrics	1	No specific role
robterrell	freecard	0	No specific role
robthejedi	nteam	0	Project Manager
robux4	scintilla	0	No specific role
robvdkieboom	pword	0	Tester
rob_jeffrey	meddac	0	Developer
rob_tice	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
rocamendez	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
rochael	zunit	1	Developer
rocketraman	httpspy	1	No specific role
rockstar_	bside	1	Project Manager
rocktheschock	fbeditor	1	No specific role
rockyb	libcddb	0	Developer
rodarvus	glib-objc	1	Developer
rodarvus	pymaemo	1	Project Manager
roddi	log4cocoa	1	Developer
rodeomac	nproject	1	Project Manager
roder	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
rodhyde	robocode2	0	Developer
rodinix	xradar	0	Developer
rodolfograve	eiffelfox	0	No specific role
rodolforg	mpide	1	No specific role
rodrigoabreu	formigapreferid	0	No specific role
rodrigoabreu	objetospelados	0	No specific role
rodrigoabreu	pluggathon	1	Developer
rodrigoallemand	leviticus	1	No specific role
rodrigobamboo	bbooprevalence	1	No specific role
rodrigobamboo	sneer	0	No specific role
rodrigogarcia	pxjpf	1	No specific role
rodrigomalara	encnet	1	No specific role
rodrigomalara	jwf	0	Developer
rodrigo_moreno	hwgui	0	Developer
rodrigo_moreno	xhgtk	1	Developer
rodrigo_ramirez	grupohci	0	Developer
roebling	wxnet	0	Developer
roel_v	symfonygui	1	Project Manager
roeschter	jslwin	1	No specific role
rogeeff	boost	0	Developer
rogerbip	clx-report	0	Developer
rogerevans	openpoplog	1	Developer
rogerflores	ali	1	No specific role
rogerflores	alo	1	No specific role
rogerio_martins	holo	0	Developer
rogerio_martins	spiritdk	1	No specific role
roger_holmes	quesa	1	Developer
roguemtl	marblehorse	1	No specific role
roguemtl	olstrans	1	No specific role
rohanl	findbugs	0	Developer
rohanprabhu	grassroot	1	No specific role
rohanr2	ashpool	1	No specific role
rohanr2	ghexcalc	1	No specific role
rohara	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
rohirrim	xmiddle	1	No specific role
rohlik	xweaver	0	Developer
roho	kgb	0	Developer
roirex	jregedit	1	No specific role
rokan	fltk	0	No specific role
rokrau	kdevelop	1	No specific role
rol	libctk	0	No specific role
roland-d	gdbi	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
rolandus	pmking	0	Developer
rolf_ebert	ascl	0	Developer
roliveto	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
rolla	posixtest	1	Project Manager
rolly-polly	openrules	1	No specific role
romaicus	usecase	0	Analysis / Design
roman1234	dotnetlayout	0	Developer
romanenco	configloader	1	No specific role
romanle	dattel	1	Developer
romanmarek	teng	0	Developer
romanosf	signalslot-apt	1	No specific role
roman_huditsch	concentre-xml	0	Developer
roman_k	teamtrac	1	No specific role
romberg	xbasemode	1	No specific role
rombobeorn	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rombust	clanlib	0	Developer
romerom	parc	0	Developer
romka01	scripting	0	Unix Admin
romson	xradar	0	Developer
romu	xoops	0	Developer
ronaldosmoreira	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
ronaldoussoren	pyobjc	1	Developer
ronchese	pluginenviron	1	No specific role
roncraig	exegraph	1	Developer
ronevans	nxbre	0	Developer
ronnqvist	swep	0	Developer
ronounours	cimg	1	Project Manager
rontana	spang	1	Developer
ron_hess	sforce	1	Developer
roock	jemmyfixture	1	No specific role
roock	jester	0	No specific role
roock	jfreeprofcenter	1	No specific role
roock	jwamdomainvalue	1	No specific role
roock	jwamenvironment	1	No specific role
roock	jwamforms	1	No specific role
roock	jwamtoolconstr	1	No specific role
roock	jwamutil	1	No specific role
roock	jwikiplatform	1	No specific role
root123	root123dummy	1	No specific role
root84	jmdiframework	1	No specific role
rootbear	thumbview	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rorqual	gnu-tr	0	Developer
rorybecker	crplugin	1	Developer
rosa	pdftemplates	1	No specific role
rosbaldeston	jmousewheel	1	No specific role
roscoerush	r2tech-eclipse	1	No specific role
rosebaby	jedit	0	Developer
rosenfeld	mpide	1	Developer
rosenwla	t-gtk	0	No specific role
rossigee	gtranslator	1	Developer
rossjudson	decal	1	No specific role
rossta	cplusplus	0	Developer
rosthum	jmachine	1	No specific role
rotem	absolutex	0	No specific role
rothomp3	gmpplusplus	1	No specific role
rottmann	gtkextramm	1	Developer
rottmann	libsigc	0	Developer
rottmann	libsigcx	1	No specific role
rottmann	ucxx	1	No specific role
rouel1222	jscmt	0	No specific role
roundthecorner	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
rowanjames	glow	1	Project Manager
rowanparker_uk	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
rowanxmas	csbi	1	Developer
rowd	xoops	0	Developer
royalassasin	mindlence-game	0	Developer
royalstar	directsql	0	Tester
roychoye	powerfolder	0	Developer
royosherove	regulator	1	No specific role
royratcliffe	libdaemonselect	1	No specific role
rozzin	dp2	1	No specific role
rpav	sfw	1	Project Manager
rpa_rio	j2secontrols	1	Project Manager
rpbg123	ptr-vector	1	No specific role
rpeckhoff	javablackjack	1	No specific role
rpenner	asunit	0	Developer
rpernavas	sshtools	1	All-Hands Person
rpgoldman	garnetlisp	1	No specific role
rpillai	repo2files	0	Developer
rpirvu	utplsql	0	Developer
rpjava6tr	rwfile-java	1	No specific role
rpmwiki	rpmwiki	1	No specific role
rpodgorny	wxnet	1	Developer
rpratt23	easylayouts	1	No specific role
rpsenicnik	remotecalendars	0	Graphic/Other Designer
rrabe	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
rrabe	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
rrajasekaran	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
rreal	freemmg	0	Developer
rreive	rtusd	1	Project Manager
rrey	sierra	0	No specific role
rreyelts	jace	1	No specific role
rrib	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
rrinaldi	nteam	0	Developer
rrindels	rb37	1	No specific role
rrm3	plain-gnome	1	No specific role
rrnn97	tinycxx	1	Project Manager
rrossmair	jcl	1	Project Manager
rrt	lua-users	1	No specific role
rrubio2	facturalux	0	Developer
rsalazar	cougar	0	Developer
rsalz	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
rsanders	yaktest	0	Developer
rsavoye	tu-testbed	0	Developer
rschaaf	flow	1	Project Manager
rschilling	esiobjects	0	Developer
rschmelzer	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
rschoening	beanfactory	1	No specific role
rschoening	j2xtreme	1	No specific role
rschwenn	jedit	0	Content Management
rsendhil	umlsculptor	0	Developer
rsfeir	brownbag	1	No specific role
rsfeir	ideajbossplugin	1	No specific role
rsfoley	foleyutilities	1	No specific role
rsfoley	jtmapeditor	1	No specific role
rsfoley	jtutilities	1	All-Hands Person
rsheridan	csbi	0	Developer
rshoemake	ivm	0	Developer
rshortt	vdrpylib	1	No specific role
rsicoder	voicecode	0	Developer
rsiera	streamid	1	No specific role
rsilverberg	wireframetool	0	Developer
rsinnema	xpstudio	1	Developer
rsiyer	mcrypt	0	Developer
rsk	jdevelop	1	No specific role
rsk	jhtml	1	No specific role
rskoss	fitnesse	0	Developer
rsmith7209	javamaf	1	No specific role
rsn_	scarsrl	0	No specific role
rsquared	thexfile	1	No specific role
rsramanujam	kamadhenu	1	No specific role
rstanciu	ganimede	0	Developer
rsteckel	netstreams	1	No specific role
rstoyanchev	salmon	0	Developer
rsutphin	coldunit	0	No specific role
rsynnott	hashman	1	No specific role
rtalbott	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
rtalbutt	titan	1	No specific role
rtalbutt	virtualfile	0	No specific role
rtaylor02	osdldbt	0	Developer
rtdean	memlib	1	No specific role
rtholmes	ganymede	1	Project Manager
rthoma	keel	0	Developer
rthorndy	slate	1	Developer
rtimm	celengine	1	Project Manager
rtomayko	kid-template	1	No specific role
rtoy	clocc	0	No specific role
rtv_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
rtwede	rttrace	1	No specific role
ruben1980	teleport	1	Developer
rubenrovira	tieradapter	1	Developer
rubensmachado	pymorph	1	All-Hands Person
rubyyan	exmat	0	Developer
ruda	glib-objc	1	Developer
ruda	pymaemo	1	Developer
ruda	rudix	1	No specific role
rudi	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
rudi_claes	smile	0	Doc Writer
rudnai	unpic	1	Project Manager
rufeo	cadkit	1	Developer
rufustfirefly	libmcal	0	No specific role
rufwork	dnetgridlayout	1	No specific role
rufwork	joneone	1	No specific role
ruggier	modeling	0	Doc Writer
ruixing123	uldod	1	No specific role
rumbehant	rulib	1	No specific role
runstang	jitter	1	Developer
ruoso	perl-oak	1	Project Manager
rupertwg	shwow-ide	0	Developer
ruslanas	eclipse-ddt	1	Developer
russcoon	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
russelldad	jedit	0	No specific role
russell_morris	propertytree	1	No specific role
russelr	eprintf	1	No specific role
russel_winder	zipios	0	Developer
russgold	httpunit	1	All-Hands Person
russgray	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
russwyte	axualize	1	Project Manager
russwyte	swang	1	Project Manager
rustedmatrix	osdtk	1	Developer
rustino	gnutellalib	1	No specific role
rusty	fcgp	1	No specific role
rusty	tdb	1	No specific role
rustychris	mzgtk	1	No specific role
rustyl	fault-injection	1	No specific role
rustyl	posixtest	0	Developer
ruwi	jedit	0	No specific role
rv3000	xoops	0	Developer
rvalentin	jbanana	0	Developer
rvasa	jmetric	1	Developer
rveer	mmapps	0	Developer
rveldema	javaparty	1	No specific role
rverhoef	wtl	0	Developer
rvillaver	gallium	1	No specific role
rvillaver	jxn	1	No specific role
rvinyard	clipsmm	1	No specific role
rvinyard	gtkextramm	0	Developer
rvinyard	libpapyrus	1	No specific role
rvlieshout	neunit	1	Developer
rvmeer	flow	0	Developer
rwalden	gtkextra	0	Developer
rwaliany	ifi-picloader	1	No specific role
rwgk	boost	0	Developer
rwhitby	progect	0	No specific role
rwl4	msapi	1	Developer
rwl4	msuapi	1	Developer
rwmcfa1	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
rwmjones	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
rwscott	lesstif	0	No specific role
rwscott	xlt	1	Developer
rwwallace	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
ryan	pygconf	1	No specific role
ryandesign	mantisbt	0	No specific role
ryankicks	sforce	1	Developer
ryannpcs	wxcode	0	Developer
ryanryan	napkin42	0	Developer
ryants	doxymacs	1	Project Manager
ryanupton	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
ryanw	glimmer	1	No specific role
ryanw	latte	1	No specific role
ryanwilcox	wxcurl	0	Developer
ryan_marsh	gtkswing	0	No specific role
ryan_rousseau	pyflickr	1	No specific role
ryhzhang	qf-utils	0	Developer
rykard	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
rylek	upp	1	Developer
rynklly	pyenchant	1	No specific role
ryo-dairiki	scim	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ryo_saeba	gridarta	0	Developer
rythin	lanmanwiki	1	No specific role
rzebram	openwfe	0	Developer
rzuasti	kasai	1	Project Manager
rzulauf	jtlib	1	Project Manager
rzvdaniel	ricas	0	Developer
r_213	jcdlib	0	Developer
r_bajales	webonswing	0	Developer
r_choosak	mammo	1	No specific role
r_simoni	jqueen	1	Project Manager
s-1-0-0	powerprinter	1	No specific role
s-maxim	phpmole-ide	0	No specific role
s-t-p	smoothiemods	0	Developer
s10v8	myphpnuke	0	Developer
s2001in	htkit	0	No specific role
s4u	phpwe	1	Project Manager
sa2c	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
saachi	trvm	0	Developer
saamand	mp-plugins	0	Developer
saas2813	tde	0	No specific role
sabernethy	jgrinder	0	Developer
sablackett	cellml	0	Developer
sacah	trilldev	0	Developer
sacevedom	chart-taglibs	0	Developer
sachinspc1	univerc	0	Developer
sachin_guru	httpguru	1	No specific role
sackrtp	gstreamer	0	Developer
sacry1	otlib	1	No specific role
sadao	dataio	1	No specific role
sadao	sscilib	1	No specific role
sadehb	timeandmoney	0	Developer
sademar	mindx	0	No specific role
sadi_melbouci	txconnect	1	Project Manager
sadjester	librendevous	1	No specific role
saettaz	gtkcombogrid	1	No specific role
saettaz	libgfeed	1	No specific role
sagblmi	xooof	1	No specific role
sagbtw	xooof	1	Project Manager
sagex	nativeswt	0	No specific role
sage_sam	jcrud	1	No specific role
sagfmak	xooof	0	Developer
sagi	smarty-gettext	1	No specific role
saglass	ltp	0	Developer
sahaj	prass	0	Developer
sahaloka	directsql	0	Tester
saigumi	irrlicht	0	Developer
saimonm	jedit	0	Developer
saintiss	motmot	1	Project Manager
saiph	oggonachip	1	No specific role
saisrinu31	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
sajidkhattak	frisky	1	No specific role
sakag_blue	openwfe	0	Developer
sakiv	utctrackingtool	1	Project Manager
saleems	eaasyst	1	Developer
salilmohanty	surviving-bots	0	Analysis / Design
sallamar	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
salomaojava	market-garden	1	No specific role
saloon12yrd	phpsloc	1	No specific role
saloustr	montag	0	Developer
salvadorfb	libconio	1	Developer
salvestrini	canonscanner	0	Developer
samage	phpeclipse	0	Developer
sambitbasu	sandr	1	No specific role
samc	libshbuf	1	Developer
samcalis	ai-standards	0	Developer
samdutsches	jsf-spring	0	No specific role
sames	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
sames	sunit	1	Developer
samesshu	ansi-st-tests	1	Project Manager
samiekblad	millstone	1	Project Manager
samijarvensivu	wafer	0	No specific role
samisd	winlamp	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
samjones	yatl	1	No specific role
samjoseph	phpeclipse	0	Developer
sammy_c	tpapro	0	Developer
sammy_rulez	spreadobjects	1	No specific role
samokhodkin	jregex	1	No specific role
samsdb0	simplicitysharp	0	No specific role
samson_	phpeclipse	0	Developer
samtam	esde	1	Project Manager
samtregar	xmlvs	1	No specific role
samuelbb	jcodeutil	1	No specific role
samuelcarrijo	debiancell	0	Developer
samuelg	jpolls	0	Developer
samuelsonline	fevb	1	No specific role
samuel_heim	w-a-l	1	No specific role
samuel_k	boost	0	Developer
samuraisam	jet-pms	1	No specific role
samyem	zkbeans	1	No specific role
sam_dalton	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
sam_dlg	nteam	0	Developer
sancey	objectbase	0	Developer
sandai	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
sandalle	freeglut	0	Developer
sandeep_416	xoops	0	Developer
sandeep_giri	jpivot	0	No specific role
sandhya_k	diduce	0	Developer
sandklef	xnee	1	No specific role
sandpipermidi	jydt	0	Developer
sandraorion	jdbv	1	Developer
sandrobh	nativeswt	1	Developer
sandrodennis	free4project	1	Project Manager
sandroheitz	tango	0	No specific role
sandroj	uml4j	0	Developer
sandrorrfreire	hwgui	0	Developer
sandrorrfreire	xhgtk	1	No specific role
sane-trotter	gates-dom	1	No specific role
sangaran	drjava	0	Developer
sanjus	progress2xls	0	Developer
sanky_the_wiz	easymbean	1	Developer
sanscini	sanscini	1	Project Manager
sansei	wikiflashplugin	1	Project Manager
santisg	dnetprocessing	1	No specific role
santonelli	vaniglia	0	Developer
santoshb	propertymanager	1	No specific role
santoshd	jhotdraw	0	Developer
santoshd	xunit	0	No specific role
sanxiyn	fepy	1	No specific role
sanxiyn	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
sanyu	facturalux	0	Developer
san_patel	dozer	0	Developer
sapman	hermesweb	0	Developer
saquirr	alink2	0	No specific role
sarag	libssh2	1	Project Manager
sara_f	bugwork	1	No specific role
sarcone	gtk-osx	0	Developer
sardaukarza	devconnector	1	No specific role
sarefo	cdk	0	Developer
sargon_master	chart-taglibs	0	Developer
sarjana	jxquick	0	No specific role
sarjana	jxunit	0	No specific role
sarnold75	tcl-pkg	1	No specific role
sascha_hofer	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
sascha_leib	rbopensource	1	No specific role
sasha-m	jedit	0	No specific role
sasha-m	pop	1	No specific role
sasjadvolkd	struts4php	0	Developer
saskew	filterlib	1	Project Manager
sast	gitk	0	Developer
satish_chandra	loc-calculator	1	No specific role
satollo	jcman	0	Developer
satya	synedit	0	No specific role
sauen	sausurepay	1	No specific role
sauerf	metrics	1	Developer
saunup	id-validate	0	Graphic/Other Designer
saunup	pounder	0	Graphic/Other Designer
saunup	softsmithy	0	Web Designer
savaki	indigofdd	1	No specific role
sawat	buddhism	1	Project Manager
saxon64	jrobin	1	Developer
saytheb	pnencompass	1	Developer
sb-sf	scmrtos	0	Developer
sba	bstring-mcc	1	Developer
sba	clib2	0	No specific role
sba	nlist-classes	1	Developer
sbaf	mastoo	1	No specific role
sbahra	elfa	1	No specific role
sbaker3	gstreamer	0	Developer
sbarbo	iloa	1	Project Manager
sbarton2	ivm	0	No specific role
sbastrup	reqsimile	0	Developer
sbate	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
sbate	quickfix	0	Developer
sbate	xplanner	0	Developer
sbauman	epidoc	0	No specific role
sbellon	xml4ada95	1	Project Manager
sbellware	nteam	0	Developer
sbendar	xorm	0	Developer
sbfaulkner	libgenx	1	No specific role
sbidoul	xooof	1	Project Manager
sbigaret	modeling	1	Project Manager
sblbg	synedit	0	No specific role
sboisson	sunbeam	1	No specific role
sborgeso	carbonfive	1	No specific role
sborho	freesolid	0	Developer
sbormann71	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
sbosanquet	rt-tdsc	1	Developer
sbouma	bagg	1	No specific role
sboyd	tpapro	1	Developer
sbrownii	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sbtourist	montag	1	No specific role
sburke	wefts	0	Developer
sbutman	osrecruiter	1	No specific role
sbvb	vblib	1	Project Manager
sbwong	drjava	1	Developer
sbyholm	redbasil	1	No specific role
sbzero	berserk	0	Support Technician
scala	karis	0	Project Manager
scalp59	wazaabi	0	No specific role
scamps	earcon-adf	1	No specific role
scannabis	pinguie	1	No specific role
scape93	svf	0	Developer
scapel	gtkwidgexts	1	No specific role
scapel	reports	1	No specific role
scapenet	net-edit	1	Project Manager
scaps	mpkg	1	No specific role
scaraveo	scintilla	0	Developer
scarlac	crox	1	No specific role
scarlip	sharppdf	0	No specific role
scarlson	eclipselauncher	1	No specific role
scarroll	widgedit	1	No specific role
scastill	vlab	0	Developer
scavenger	bayonne	0	No specific role
sch	pyacad	1	Project Manager
schackert	exymen	0	Developer
schalkwijkc	desl	1	No specific role
schaller	protofuzz	1	All-Hands Person
schank	emo	0	Developer
schaps	winapidotnet	1	No specific role
schemitz	xtreme	1	No specific role
schenksj	openemcee	1	Project Manager
scheruga	jfileexplorer	1	Project Manager
scheruga	multitreemap	1	Developer
scheruga	singeltonpool	1	No specific role
schhabra	crm114	1	Developer
schlatterbeck	largefiles	1	Project Manager
schlatterbeck	roundup	0	Developer
schleiermacher	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
schliep	xmlio	0	No specific role
schlundus	phpjsregexptool	1	No specific role
schmendrick	megabase	0	Developer
schmendrick	sforzando	1	Developer
schmidlinf	jacob-project	0	No specific role
schneidh	indecision	1	No specific role
schnelle	wfmopen	0	Developer
schnever	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
schoelle	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
schoenborno	cehtl	1	No specific role
schoenborno	mango-ptr	1	No specific role
schoenborno	noptrlib	1	No specific role
schoepe	tclsnippets	1	No specific role
schoepflin	boost	0	Developer
schoeppchen	nextvision	1	Developer
schombert	centum	1	All-Hands Person
schombert	onscheme	1	No specific role
schooten	xgame	1	No specific role
schowdhry	salmon	0	Developer
schroeder_j	orm4j	1	Developer
schs	jedit	0	No specific role
schtorch	beautifyphp	1	Project Manager
schubec	fm-and-php	1	No specific role
schutzm	lyric	1	Project Manager
schveiguy	tucs	1	No specific role
schwab001	torero	1	Project Manager
schwikowski	csbi	0	Developer
sciara	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
scilence	lssdk	1	Project Manager
scinos	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
scitech-states	navi-project	1	No specific role
sciv	jakarta-k	0	Developer
sck	oobench	1	No specific role
scm	qdbttabular	1	No specific role
scmccarthy	reportbuilder	0	No specific role
scolebourne	joda	1	Project Manager
scolebourne	joda-primitives	1	No specific role
sconcha	jiframework	1	No specific role
scoobie1	umlsculptor	0	Developer
scop	gmuck	1	No specific role
scorched	php4ue	0	Developer
scorcher	spgmr08	1	No specific role
scorcher24	rpglib2004	1	No specific role
scornflake	tapestry	0	Developer
scorpik	pcrm	1	Developer
scorpio	gmodulemm	1	No specific role
scorpio	libglademm	1	No specific role
scotepi	phpinstall	1	No specific role
scottbradley	sharpforge	1	No specific role
scottc1976	rambutan	0	Editorial/Content Writer
scottdelap	gotjava	0	Developer
scottdelap	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
scottfrancis	dovetail	0	Developer
scottft	java-web-admin	1	No specific role
scottg	tls	0	No specific role
scottgblood	rxlib	1	Project Manager
scotti	ps2dev	0	Developer
scottiebo	osdldbt	0	Developer
scottlaw1	nplanner	0	No specific role
scottn	qtinformix	1	No specific role
scottp	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
scottpearson	vcf	0	Developer
scottydvt	progect	0	Developer
scott_bailey	gnutelephony	0	Developer
scott_schrecken	uacm	1	Project Manager
scraatz	comitatuscommon	1	No specific role
scrappy_doo	spyse	0	Developer
scratattack	showmesh	1	No specific role
scresto	modsysmem	1	No specific role
screwsoft	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
scriptfellow	codename-alex	1	Developer
scriptfellow	easyuo-contkind	1	No specific role
scrooyoo	prograde	0	Developer
scrumpty	jgimp	1	Project Manager
scurtescu	xoops	0	Developer
scw1109	tajaxable	1	Developer
scytacki	swingwt	0	Developer
scytacki	wabajump	0	Developer
sdanil	stool	1	No specific role
sdarlington	gindent	1	No specific role
sdaubin	jhotdraw	0	Developer
sdavenpo	digi	0	All-Hands Person
sdcepoppe	quicksql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sdecugis	posixtest	0	Developer
sdeibel	scintilla	0	No specific role
sdelap	gotjava	0	Developer
sdemiray	csharp-studio	1	All-Hands Person
sdfisher	morepalmos	1	No specific role
sdharani	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
sdiederich	boost	0	Developer
sdl_gp32	sdl-tinygl	1	No specific role
sdm7g	pyobjc	1	No specific role
sdnakhla	qrpc	1	No specific role
sdodell	pfl	1	No specific role
sdonovan	olstrans	0	No specific role
sds	clocc	1	No specific role
sds	garnetlisp	0	Developer
sdstrowes	gbamapedit	1	Developer
sdsykes	madeleine	0	Developer
sdunand	wcelibcex	0	Developer
sdunlap	monkeyjuice	1	No specific role
sdusart	jacs	1	No specific role
sdutt	keel	0	Developer
se01015	fsbrowser	0	Developer
se01048	fsbrowser	0	Developer
sea36	cdk	0	Developer
seagraves	whisper2	0	Developer
sean	inphorm	1	No specific role
seancallaway	lsock	1	No specific role
seanccarroll	xinstall	0	Web Designer
seanf2061	swingwt	0	Developer
seanfalconer	tagsea	0	No specific role
seangeo	joda	0	Developer
seanhinde	esdl	0	Developer
seanjw	httpauthplus	1	No specific role
seanlh	pydev	0	Developer
seanpritchard	strutstestcase	0	Developer
sean_225	fdev	1	No specific role
sean_225	mapstudio	1	No specific role
sean_stuckless	jdna	1	Project Manager
seattledoug	soar	1	Developer
sebadsgn	saolu	1	All-Hands Person
sebastienjust	edf	0	Developer
sebdashrek	mxf	1	Developer
sebesiech	jpa	1	No specific role
sebidietrich	privaccessor	1	No specific role
sebol	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
sebpaul	gitk	0	Developer
sebthom	swt-datepicker	0	Developer
sebunger	sut	1	Developer
sector9	xmlconfig	1	No specific role
sedimin	omgrofl	1	No specific role
seebass	jwarp	1	Developer
seeksthemoon	jode	0	Developer
seel20	fepy	0	No specific role
seeplusplus	cfour	1	No specific role
seeplusplus	marta	1	Developer
seeplusplus	webcpp	1	No specific role
sehsanm	javaforms	0	No specific role
seifertd	xorm	0	Developer
seiml	irrlicht	0	Developer
sekissov	cedet	0	Developer
selig	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
sellig	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
sellig	ibatisnet	1	Developer
sellig	nausicaa	1	Project Manager
selma_daphne	floatapi	1	Developer
selmi	palmpng	1	No specific role
semfind	prototypewidget	1	No specific role
semihc	enlib	1	No specific role
semios	jfunc	1	No specific role
senfo_99	mcrypt	0	Developer
sensla	webmacroeditor	1	Developer
sentrix	microberemains	1	Project Manager
seokjin	usemodj	1	No specific role
seppo34	pmking	0	Developer
sergev	embeddedwb	0	Developer
sergey_strakhov	simpl	0	Developer
sergiocarvalho	peardboo	1	No specific role
sergiogg	remotecalendars	0	Developer
sergiomontelobo	berserk	0	Developer
serg_main	js-cache	1	No specific role
serg_main	js-common	1	No specific role
serg_main	js-sso	1	No specific role
serhei	gnork	1	No specific role
seriema	thumbview	1	Developer
seroukhov	comedia	1	Project Manager
sesamoid	pytesttools	1	No specific role
sesquiped	daccel	0	Developer
setera	eclipseme	1	Project Manager
setera	jmechanic	1	No specific role
setup	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sevendust	pumaengine	1	No specific role
sevenjet3d	jetpp	0	Developer
seveny	jakarta-k	0	Developer
severach	notepad-plus	0	Developer
sexiko	xsltbuddy	1	No specific role
sexkiller	xcms	1	No specific role
seyyedjamal	javaforms	1	No specific role
sfandino	prologdoc	0	Developer
sfatehi	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
sfbouchard	ivyplugins	0	Developer
sfbouchard	timetrack	0	Developer
sfjro	aperf	1	No specific role
sfkleach	openpoplog	1	Developer
sflexus	webstyler	1	No specific role
sfllaw	librsync	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
sfloess	jwaretechniques	0	All-Hands Person
sfock	delphinet	0	Developer
sfock	xmlworks	1	Developer
sfohey	appconf	1	No specific role
sfpbo	wexpand	1	No specific role
sfsinger	flens	0	Tester
sfspky	scarsrl	0	No specific role
sf_acct	cadkit	0	Developer
sf_nimrod	phpeclipse	0	Developer
sgaffga	phpdox	1	Project Manager
sgandotra	jdbv	0	No specific role
sgarrity	gtkspell	0	Content Management
sgbeal	pclasses	0	Developer
sgbeal	s11n	1	Project Manager
sgbest	dnk-parse	1	Project Manager
sgilhodes	mplatform	1	No specific role
sglee77	hammurapi	0	No specific role
sglee77	jsel	0	No specific role
sgoda	jbanana	0	Developer
sgoryachev	web-its	0	Developer
sgould	openforecast	1	No specific role
sgoumard	joffad	1	Project Manager
sgreenhill	illumination	0	Developer
sgreenwold	processing	0	No specific role
sgregory	arroyo	0	Developer
sgrobety	internetdirect	1	Developer
sgspencer50	prograde	0	Developer
sgt101	zeusagent	1	No specific role
sguruprasanna	ezvu	1	No specific role
sgwood	jasperreports	0	Developer
sgwood	jpivot	0	No specific role
sh3r3d3r	remotedb	1	Project Manager
shabanovd	smartims	1	No specific role
shackelford	ccmdev	1	No specific role
shackelford	eclipsecolorer	1	Developer
shade33	xsltml	1	Developer
shaderman	bakery	0	Developer
shadocko	mlam	1	No specific role
shadow	empeg-vfdlib	0	Developer
shadow00	config-plus	1	No specific role
shadow12	mx4j	0	Developer
shadow71	germanmacosx	1	Project Manager
shadowdog	ofc	1	Developer
shadowinteger	vsipc	1	No specific role
shadow_firebird	hey-pling	1	No specific role
shadow_knight	midgard-rad	1	Developer
shadow_mx	xinstall	0	Tester
shadrack	id3lib	1	Project Manager
shads78	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
shahg	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
shahsag	sagar-r-shah	1	No specific role
shai-hulud	qdlos	1	No specific role
shains	struts	0	Developer
shake234	nettasksforidea	1	No specific role
shakerwd	sharpedit	1	Developer
shalinmangar	dbiq	1	Developer
shaman-h_fel	jcsconvertor	1	No specific role
shamanth	digi	0	Developer
shamir_k	digi	0	Developer
shammah	boost	0	Developer
shammah	tba-py	1	No specific role
shampa	dissect	0	Doc Writer
shamsian	cougar	0	Developer
shanan	simpleproject	1	No specific role
shanenz	zclipse	0	Developer
shane_308	pdkb	0	No specific role
shane_day	viewstatemgr	1	Project Manager
shanforest	phpgroupworks	0	Doc Writer
shangweizhi	chttpclient	0	Developer
shankarpatil	code-x	0	Developer
shankar_pratap	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Developer
shanky_tiwari	dataone	1	No specific role
shanky_tiwari	e2tk	1	No specific role
shanky_tiwari	hobbit	1	No specific role
shanky_tiwari	omom	1	Project Manager
shanners	hsbc-xmlapi	1	No specific role
shannonhastings	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
shanth	storytime	0	Developer
shanthakumar	gang	1	No specific role
sharun	xmltools	0	All-Hands Person
sharuzzaman	oo-l10n-my	1	All-Hands Person
shashikantp	kaboom	1	No specific role
shausle	qat	0	Developer
shaver	tu-testbed	0	Developer
shawn	libtabe	1	No specific role
shawndr	dmbrowser	1	No specific role
shawnkhall	code-x	1	All-Hands Person
shawnyboy	mainejug	1	Developer
shayneflint	armidale	1	Project Manager
shay_matasaro	voicecode	0	Developer
shazbotus	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
shedlife	myion-osgi	0	All-Hands Person
sheitmann	argtable	1	No specific role
shelarcy	wxhaskell	0	No specific role
sheltim	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
shenchilang	italk-plugin	1	No specific role
shenkai	jbossmonitor	1	No specific role
shenson	libbt	0	Developer
shepatw	enyware	0	Developer
shepdog	thep2plattice	0	Developer
sherbert69	xradar	0	No specific role
shermann	kchangelogedit	1	Developer
sherold	jonbas	1	No specific role
shertage	jasperreports	0	Developer
shevek	msxz80asm	1	No specific role
shfarr	jasar	1	No specific role
shiana	mpnt	1	Developer
shiao	oje	0	No specific role
shida-t	amateras	0	No specific role
shifeiluo	jbosspetstore	1	Project Manager
shiflett	protoscope	1	Project Manager
shige-sf	g-inspector	1	Developer
shigeoka	jini-tools	1	Project Manager
shigeyuki	gem4mac	1	Project Manager
shikhalev	fibl	0	No specific role
shindich	pyweakreference	1	No specific role
shine2	xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
shininghill	php-rpc	0	Doc Writer
shipmaster	bugzilla-ar	1	No specific role
shirish_sakhare	struts-workflow	1	No specific role
shishio	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
shiv123	prograde	0	Developer
shivangp	fvs	1	Developer
shivneetns	shivneetns	1	No specific role
shixiaodan	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
shixiaodan	jbase	1	No specific role
shk3	cdk	1	Developer
shleh	phpeclipse	0	Developer
shleh	ucmexporter	1	No specific role
shlomif	perlmeme-org	0	Developer
shlomoyona	yapcom	0	Developer
shlomy	jedit	0	Developer
shmarya	nunit	0	Developer
shmert	alyoop	1	No specific role
shmir	jsystemtest	1	Project Manager
shnam7	opengcl	1	No specific role
shockeyk	snap	1	Project Manager
shockfreezer	escapenet	0	Project Manager
shoemig	mase	0	Developer
shoepower	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
shoffmeister	gexperts	0	Project Manager
shohara	patterntesting	0	Developer
shokshok	dotnethook	1	No specific role
sholder	sbugs	1	No specific role
shornick	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
shortcircuit	bnn	1	No specific role
shredzone	identifylib	1	All-Hands Person
shrirangb	menuetlibc	1	Developer
shrogers	btt	0	Developer
shuetrim	xbrlcomposer	1	No specific role
shuklasp	satyacb	1	No specific role
shvictor	rampart-toolkit	1	Project Manager
shwaresyst	p4w	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
si-design	mini-b3d	1	No specific role
sibambang	asptemplate	0	Developer
sibc	mcrypt	0	Developer
sicli	yogl	1	No specific role
sidb	drjava	0	Developer
sidda	wslin	0	Developer
sideshow-pete	freespeech	0	Developer
sidhrav	pom	0	Project Manager
sidluke	amxmodx	0	Developer
sidman	exymen	0	Developer
sidthewicked	codename-alex	0	Developer
siebrand	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sifioezt	sse	1	Developer
sigma_lmtd	drjava	0	Developer
sigmond	oscars	1	Developer
signaltwo	gladius	0	No specific role
signature	tolop	1	Developer
sikora	perl-oak	0	Developer
silax	diasce	1	No specific role
silbeg	ospi	0	Developer
silentblue	pattern	0	No specific role
silkgandalf	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
silptur	req2sqlservlet	1	No specific role
silverlight	mvp-xml	1	Developer
silverlime	cigmas	1	Project Manager
silverlokk	dotuseful	0	Doc Writer
simas_ch	jbatchengine	1	No specific role
simbian	presto	0	Developer
simcha	wmunit	1	Developer
simeonzv	varhigh	1	No specific role
simfonie	cusp-parser	1	No specific role
simgar	bugsonline	1	No specific role
simji0202	jakarta-k	0	Developer
simo1971	pgcl	1	No specific role
simonbirkett	almsuite	1	Project Manager
simonebordet	foxtrot	1	Developer
simonebordet	mx4j	1	Developer
simonjmcbride	logview4j	0	Developer
simonjwright	booch95	1	All-Hands Person
simons00	dlsx2	1	No specific role
simonstl	jxquick	1	No specific role
simonswift	axemill	0	Developer
simontaylor	perlmeme-org	1	Project Manager
simontuffs	xml-xig	1	No specific role
simonwacker	as2lib	1	Developer
simon_g_brown	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
simpleradius	simpleradius	1	No specific role
simplespirit	pwss	1	No specific role
simpliciter	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
simrw	vbisam	0	No specific role
simshsia	xmbhacksportal	1	All-Hands Person
simuran	menda	0	Developer
sinan	gnome-turk	0	All-Hands Person
sinan	gnu-tr	0	Developer
sincnet	ofbiz	0	Tester
sindhumn	winresourcer	1	No specific role
sindolfo	reusecenter	1	No specific role
singchyun	datecalc	1	No specific role
singh81	cdk	0	Developer
singletrack	hsbc-xmlapi	0	Developer
singram	meta-jb	0	Developer
sintflut	source2html	1	No specific role
sinverso	libdtouch	0	No specific role
sirfaber	sanscini	0	Developer
sirkware	quantum	0	Developer
sirmasi120	centum	0	Doc Writer
sirshane	venom	1	No specific role
sir_lichtkind	proton-ce	1	Project Manager
sir_lojik	os-weblib	1	No specific role
sit	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
sithadmin	fbcommunity	0	Developer
siulam0219	cellml	0	Developer
sivajag	mockftpserver	1	No specific role
sivaraj	tamiltools	1	All-Hands Person
sivoh	carbonfive	1	Developer
sixxgate	regclass	1	No specific role
siyamed	agentacademy	1	Developer
siyikalender	dframework	1	No specific role
siyikalender	scstream	1	No specific role
sj777	xorm	0	Developer
sjabth	ai-standards	0	No specific role
sjakob	jedit	0	Developer
sjambula	quartz	0	Developer
sjbaker	freeglut	1	Project Manager
sjbrown	girls	1	No specific role
sjbrown	metagamesector	1	No specific role
sjcomp	sjgui	1	No specific role
sjeep	ps2dev	0	Developer
sjison	codebook	0	Developer
sjivan	jconfig	0	Developer
sjkaaria	oslc	1	Project Manager
sjmulder	managedgl	1	No specific role
sjoerd_bakker	prefeditgui	1	No specific role
sjooseng	jwebdir	1	No specific role
sjordi	tpvplanit	0	Developer
sjosimar	notes2	0	Developer
sjoyeux	nxbre	0	Developer
sjprowell	hglib	1	No specific role
sjs2	vile	1	Project Manager
sjthomas	svgmodeller	1	No specific role
sk13	jcf	1	No specific role
skaag	zang	0	Developer
skain	dotnetregextest	1	No specific role
skaller	ocaml-lib	0	No specific role
skalpa	xoops	1	Developer
skanga	mcap	1	No specific role
skapare	avlmap	1	No specific role
skapare	libh	1	No specific role
skapare	vrb	1	No specific role
skarab24	kgine	1	All-Hands Person
skc	chello	1	Developer
skenow	xoops	0	Developer
skerritt	persevere	1	No specific role
skids	ggi	0	Developer
skidvd	elips	0	Developer
skidz	htmlssm	0	Developer
skiminki	tautomaton	1	Project Manager
skipin	dvremoting	1	Developer
skipoles	wicket	0	Developer
skjagini	nteam	0	Developer
skkosanam	prograde	0	No specific role
sklakken	de-facto	1	Project Manager
sknvslsn	scripting	0	Tester
skoehler	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
skonen	fsec	1	No specific role
skonnard	mvp-xml	1	Developer
skoptelov	swiftprojects	1	No specific role
skot	domify	1	Developer
skot	mav	1	No specific role
skot	mavnet	1	No specific role
skot	snapdal	0	Developer
skozyren	ataraxia	0	Developer
skrauss	car-dsp	1	No specific role
skribb	quicksql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
skud	spork	1	No specific role
skuepper01	jthread	1	Developer
skullduggery	hugonomicon	1	Project Manager
skunk	texlib	0	Developer
skurtzberg	haide	0	Developer
skurtzberg	hfl	0	Developer
skybuck	openptcdelphi	1	Project Manager
skyling	jcrontab	0	Web Designer
skyweb	synedit	0	No specific role
slackorama	id3lib	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
slackwar	wearucam	1	No specific role
sladecek	mmixmasters	1	Developer
slagyr	fitnesse	1	No specific role
slakhani	rtpdemo	0	Developer
slamb	sigsafe	1	No specific role
slanning	alzabo	0	Developer
slanzarini	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
slapi	boost	0	No specific role
slaven	internetdirect	0	Developer
slavo	xkproject	1	No specific role
slawrance	kjmouse	1	No specific role
slcotten	ncline	1	No specific role
sleem	nedlib	1	No specific role
sleepyhead87	allianceless	1	No specific role
slef	schematics	0	Developer
slehmann	dom4j	0	Developer
slehmann	jaxen	0	No specific role
slehmann	saxpath	0	Developer
slenderslacks	springframework	0	Developer
slholmes	genmdixml	1	No specific role
slide	bugaboo	1	Project Manager
slideep	bugaboo	1	No specific role
slim23	file-extensions	1	No specific role
slindema	oslc	1	No specific role
slisznianski	rhascheduler	1	No specific role
sliver33	amorph	1	Developer
slizardo	gpgext	1	No specific role
slobberchops	bhrpul	1	No specific role
slogan621	trixul	1	No specific role
slotties	visualstruts	1	No specific role
slouken	sdldoc	1	Developer
slowbyte	cplusplus	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
slowbyte	ozdev	1	No specific role
slowj	qat	0	Developer
slowlearner	ai-standards	0	Developer
slyrus	sbcl	0	Developer
sm1979	jopenchart	1	Project Manager
smaaps	pncs	1	No specific role
smacdonald	freecard	0	No specific role
smachhau	fnr	1	No specific role
smaffer	ixemmolla	1	No specific role
smardec	ideagestures	1	No specific role
smarkou	atmelwlandriver	1	Project Manager
smartbruce	gbboleto	1	No specific role
smartdot	nteam	0	Developer
smatiz	pdb-idx-waba	1	No specific role
smaughan	synedit	0	No specific role
smcclelland	xpweb	0	Developer
smealum	pands	1	Developer
smerten	multiplatform	1	No specific role
smeschini	djbridge	0	All-Hands Person
smettraux	openwfe	0	Developer
smeyfroi	artoflife	1	No specific role
smeyfroi	hud	1	No specific role
smeyfroi	txt2xml	1	No specific role
smga3000	quantaplus	0	Distributor/Promoter
smgf	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
smgf	nfit	1	No specific role
smi13y	allianceless	0	Developer
smichaud	javaplugin	1	No specific role
smiitd	cranks	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
smilerliu	cuitk	1	No specific role
smileyy	transmogrify	1	Project Manager
smimram	ocaml-glpk	1	No specific role
smirk-	csocket	1	All-Hands Person
smissan	js-cache	0	Developer
smissan	js-common	0	Developer
smissan	js-sso	0	Developer
smitty586	lucid-gdk	1	No specific role
smk	clocc	1	No specific role
smlt	bsframework	1	Developer
smokingplane	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
smoksmok	smdesigner	1	All-Hands Person
smplbird	svf	1	No specific role
smsisko	htmlp	1	Developer
smueller	phpautodoc	0	Developer
smurfd	project-monkey	1	No specific role
snaga	osdldbt	0	Developer
snail0066	ajax-dev-lib	0	No specific role
snakecard	sctoolkits	1	No specific role
snakhla	log4nb	1	No specific role
snandan	grupohci	0	Developer
snaos	meddac	0	Developer
snason	soar	0	Developer
snavjot	genesis	1	Developer
snevine	reak-xml	0	Tester
snewpy	bayonne	1	Project Manager
snhes	rmcollegial	1	Project Manager
snikolaev	cvmlib	1	No specific role
snim2	myjnipp	0	Developer
sniperbeamer	amxmodx	0	Project Manager
sniperbeamer	sourcemod	1	All-Hands Person
snippy	marblehorse	0	No specific role
snookerdoodle	spgmr08	0	Developer
snoopdave	roller	1	Project Manager
snooze	ooxml	1	No specific role
snotlingorc	xoops	0	Developer
snowak1	toster	1	Project Manager
snowy	oje	0	No specific role
snrrrub	daccel	1	Project Manager
soap2corba	anyconfig	1	No specific role
soar	w3replib	1	No specific role
sobranis	nfop	0	Developer
sockterrier	java3dsloader	0	Developer
soconne	ricas	0	Developer
sodemo	forasystems	1	Project Manager
soechtig	meta-jb	0	Developer
sofiatan	serf	0	Developer
softmaxbr	clx-report	0	Developer
softming	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
softwarekoch	napt	1	No specific role
softwareserf	theanvil	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
soft_guy	xox	1	Developer
sogino	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
sohlman	easylayout	1	No specific role
solamyl	teng	1	Project Manager
solarangel	win32apilib	1	No specific role
solo95	netaop	1	No specific role
solsona	schematics	1	Project Manager
soltesz_andras	pldoc	0	Developer
solvix	vsbugtrackernet	0	Developer
soma815	jakarta-k	0	Developer
sombekke	groove	0	Developer
somik	htmlparser	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
somik	servletunit	1	No specific role
son4r	sb-agssh	0	No specific role
sonalb	jcookie	1	No specific role
sonarnerd	libdsp	1	All-Hands Person
sonarnerd	libsharedmem	1	No specific role
songjing	javaintegrity	1	No specific role
songster	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
sonicmctails	errorsystem	1	Developer
sonicsoft70	cbench	1	No specific role
sonny_susanto	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sonofseven	jboss-jmxc	1	No specific role
sonryoga	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
sonyichi	light	1	No specific role
sonyichi	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sophiali	openusb	1	Developer
sorek	xp4ide	1	No specific role
sorenkrabbe	wsis	0	Developer
sorin7486	mandalore	1	No specific role
sorinv	elisa	1	No specific role
sork	eocene-php	0	Developer
soronthar	phost-contrib	0	Developer
soronthar	xmlgridlayout	1	No specific role
sorror	hx-p	1	No specific role
sosensible	fusebox	1	All-Hands Person
sostlind	log4cpp	0	Developer
sottek	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
sou-m	propedit	1	No specific role
soulrift	tarmak	0	Developer
soumava	dfdedit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
soundx	ahf	1	No specific role
sourcebaer	jgoose	0	No specific role
sourcebaer	programanalysis	1	No specific role
sourceclint	txt2xml	0	Developer
sourceforgetest	dozer	0	Developer
sowmya_adiga	ltp	0	Developer
soyt	ggi	1	Web Designer
soywiz	lunea	1	Project Manager
soywiz	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
space2	rtk	0	Developer
spaced00d	mulib	0	Developer
spacemanspiff76	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
spaceshaker	sydney	0	No specific role
spaddo	keel	0	Developer
spagop	jbpm	0	Developer
spanne	freeglut	0	All-Hands Person
spariev	slimdog	0	No specific role
sparker	efsa	0	Developer
sparker	exml	0	Developer
spartan5	escot	1	Project Manager
spartan5	giotto	1	Project Manager
spartan5	triassic	1	Project Manager
spartan5	vtoswaba	1	No specific role
spasi	java-game-lib	0	Developer
spasmoid	xao-php	1	No specific role
spavkov	intuition	1	No specific role
spaz_man	fbport	1	No specific role
speare	edhlib	1	No specific role
spech	lightfire3d	1	No specific role
specu	dev-cpp	1	Developer
specu	devpaks	1	No specific role
specu	wxdsgn	1	Developer
speedbump	foresite	1	No specific role
speedsnail	boost	0	No specific role
speerhead	sforce	0	No specific role
speka	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
spellbreaker	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
spencer_koy	protrak	1	Requirements Engineering
sperber	schematics	1	Developer
spestov	jedit	1	Project Manager
spestov	jedit-plugins	1	No specific role
spetix	xqore	1	No specific role
spf-sf	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
sphair	clanlib	1	Developer
sphen001	phpgamedev	1	Project Manager
spheret	rockspace	1	No specific role
spicerun	wxdevelstudio	1	Developer
spicerun	wxdevstudio	1	Developer
spielc	geclipse	1	No specific role
spiffy101a	haste	1	Developer
spikeware	sasconsortium	1	No specific role
spinthemoose	sharpcontrib	1	No specific role
spirig	report	0	Developer
spirit5	spiritdk	0	Developer
spitzak	fltk	1	Developer
splin	patchwork13	0	Developer
spodskubka	nstreamlib	1	Developer
spooker	openstudio	1	No specific role
spooker	wxextended	1	Developer
spoonless	visages	1	No specific role
sporco	websignoff	0	Web Designer
sporkstorms	cocoadialog	1	No specific role
spotup	amiflinker	1	Graphic/Other Designer
springboy	springframework	0	No specific role
springboy	springnet	0	Developer
springob	synedit	0	No specific role
sprior	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
sprovencher	nato	1	No specific role
spudder	eclipseeng	1	No specific role
spyder_tl	objectlibdoc	1	No specific role
spyromus	informa	0	Developer
sqlboy	phpstep	1	No specific role
sqplus	sqplus	1	No specific role
squeen	lesstif	0	Developer
squeeze	kontrollerlab	0	Developer
squidbot	baroque	1	No specific role
squidcoder	npsnetv	0	Developer
squider	squidysoft	1	No specific role
squx	qtas	0	Developer
sraeburn	struts	1	Developer
srausch	jpk	1	Project Manager
srausch	phpdoctor	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
sravani	formhammer	0	No specific role
src	alleg	0	Developer
sreehari	jglue	1	No specific role
sreynolds17	nteam	0	Project Manager
srikanth_r_79	lesser-libs2	0	Developer
srinid	xqide	1	No specific role
srinim	utplsql	0	Developer
srinivs	rtpdemo	0	Developer
srk	gisi-pm	1	No specific role
sro	pycddb	1	No specific role
sro	vcpp-mode	1	No specific role
sroccaserra	j2me-game-demo	1	No specific role
srojea	sundowner	0	Developer
srubben	sharpquery	1	Developer
srust	srust	1	No specific role
srv89	mic	0	Developer
srvrstrypr	keasprjmngr	1	Web Designer
ssalgado	winco	1	All-Hands Person
ssalinger	dpp	1	Project Manager
ssamarug	jgml	1	No specific role
ssaravanan	jedit	0	No specific role
ssatguru	jedit	0	No specific role
sschrecker	lure	1	No specific role
sschwanitz	jeceira	0	Developer
ssddn	vxdevelopsuit	0	Developer
sseaman	brej	1	Project Manager
sseaman	jxbre	1	Project Manager
sseaman	jxmenu	1	No specific role
sseaman	xmlaprocessor	1	No specific role
sshmuel	avalanchegdk	1	Developer
sshu	stag	1	All-Hands Person
ssiddiqi	lesstif	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ssinclair2	jgrinder	0	Developer
ssjorge	facturalux	0	No specific role
sskhiri	sce-se	1	No specific role
ssmirnov	fibl	1	No specific role
ssobolev	openqnx	0	Developer
sspielman	rtpdemo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ssrinivasan	ivm	0	Developer
sssant	xhuggle	0	Developer
sstanchfield	javadudeeclipse	1	No specific role
sstanchfield	sweet-swt	0	No specific role
sstanchfield	xpa	1	No specific role
ssteele	pnotepad	1	Project Manager
ssteele	scintilla	0	No specific role
ssteph	uced	1	No specific role
ssthapa	pythonsiphon	1	No specific role
sstrollo	btt	0	Developer
ssx	pnotepad	0	No specific role
st0ke	nelit2e	1	Developer
st991512	isoj2me	0	Developer
stacycurl	hud	1	Developer
stadsport	fury2	0	Tester
staelin	stp	0	Developer
stahta01	wxnet	0	Developer
stainsby	jchassis	1	Project Manager
stair	csbi	0	Developer
stanberka	jafu-lite	1	No specific role
stanis	auth	0	Developer
stanwiechers	merkwelt	1	Project Manager
starblaster100	scarsrl	0	No specific role
stardogg	parashell	1	No specific role
stargazerm	centum	0	Graphic/Other Designer
starglider	jedit	0	Developer
starkos	flatfour	1	Project Manager
starksm	hibernate	0	Developer
starseeker	garnetlisp	1	No specific role
starter2	scripting	0	Tester
stas_zytkiewicz	libgmail	0	No specific role
stathis	sqldata	1	Project Manager
stdfk	holo	0	Developer
stds	junitpp	1	All-Hands Person
stechz	sdlzipfile	1	No specific role
stedwar2	bluejcheckstyle	0	Developer
steelman06	networkmonitor	1	No specific role
steel_wheels	coconut-lib	1	No specific role
stef686	warmouth	1	No specific role
stefan	boost	0	Developer
stefan	roundup	0	Developer
stefan222	lcd-1wire-jar	1	Developer
stefan222	pellucid	1	No specific role
stefanbjarni	cl-eclispe	1	No specific role
stefanbjarni	phpeclipse	0	Developer
stefanconrad	avango	0	No specific role
stefanheimann	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
stefanietheis	allianceless	0	Web Designer
stefanklug	aseclipseplugin	0	No specific role
stefanoss	texlib	0	Developer
stefano_campri	burner	0	Developer
stefano_verna	codenote	1	No specific role
stefan_meyer	cassandra	0	Developer
stefan_ratschan	interval	1	Developer
stefast	jpx	1	Project Manager
steffenv	poshmodule	1	Project Manager
steffo74	xoops	0	Developer
stefmtl	code-nav	1	No specific role
stefpet	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
stef_le_gall	notepad-plus	0	Web Designer
steimann	intoj	0	Developer
steinbeck	cdk	1	Project Manager
steinbeck	jedit	0	No specific role
steinhaeuser	comwrapper	0	Developer
steinman	exegraph	0	Developer
steinman	vlx	0	No specific role
steira00	epp-rtk	1	Developer
stellars	xsphplib	1	Developer
stellsmi	netreflector	0	Developer
stellsmi	nfit	1	All-Hands Person
stellwag	getabspath	1	No specific role
stemeyda	jenni-jni	0	No specific role
stenis999	xradar	0	No specific role
stennie	camelpack	1	Developer
stenrs	kengu	1	Project Manager
sten__	teng	0	Developer
stepagweb	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
stephanh	schematics	0	Developer
stephanmueller	freemarker	0	All-Hands Person
stephanmueller	xwork-quartz	1	No specific role
stephanschuster	concern	0	Developer
stephanwiesner	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
stephanwiesner	stoffelloc	1	No specific role
stephanwiesner	swiesnerxmlgui	1	No specific role
stephan_ruehl	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
stephenhu	caspython	1	No specific role
stephenlfoster	fbcommunity	0	Developer
stephenloosli	ofbiz	0	Distributor/Promoter
stephenrank	genesis-ist	0	Developer
stephent	escher	1	Developer
stephen_green	freeb-ubl	1	No specific role
stephen_leake	gnavi	0	Developer
stetzemd	yaprs	1	No specific role
steux	camellia	1	All-Hands Person
stevebaer	rhinoplugins	1	No specific role
stevebuik	sforce	1	Developer
stevecassidy	cantcl	1	No specific role
stevech	matplotlib	0	Developer
steveconlan	chimpinstall	0	Developer
steveconlan	unittest	0	Developer
stevedbrown	buglet	1	No specific role
steveebersole	hibernate	1	Developer
stevekemp	debraudit	0	Developer
stevemcmee	jarinspector	1	No specific role
stevemock	gcsf	0	No specific role
stevenbalthazor	simpletest	0	Developer
stevenjackson	photon	0	Tester
stevenrd	cs-ode	1	No specific role
stevenrd	cs-openal	1	No specific role
stevenrd	devildotnet	1	No specific role
steven_yelton	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
steveoc	xpweb	0	No specific role
stevesouza	fdsapi	1	No specific role
stevesouza	jamonapi	1	No specific role
stevewaring	ctms	1	Project Manager
stevezins	labpython	1	No specific role
steve_p16	mcrypt	0	Developer
steve_stewart	kgx	0	No specific role
steview	jdiagnose	0	No specific role
stewartadcock	gaul	1	Project Manager
ste_meyer	libusb-win32	1	Project Manager
stflourd	jpivot	0	No specific role
sticksoftware	circularslider	1	No specific role
sticksoftware	polyglot	1	No specific role
stiegld	problomatic	1	No specific role
stig	clocc	0	No specific role
stigbakken	php-mode	0	Developer
stigmux	syscriptor	0	Developer
stigtors	coras	1	Developer
stijn	asptemplate	0	Developer
stijnsymons	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
stilden	rlib	0	Doc Writer
stingray2k01	dsplus	1	No specific role
stippler	flens	1	Developer
stochastix	xlw	0	Developer
stodge	pv3dglib	1	No specific role
stoens	activegrid	0	Developer
stolis	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
stomkinson	cdk	0	Developer
stonecobra	dom4j	0	Developer
stonecobra	javaml	1	Developer
stonkeep	turkdrop	1	Project Manager
stonyyy	eclideployerftp	1	No specific role
stormy_peters	hp	1	Project Manager
stormz	dotnetmaker	1	Developer
stpere	mortik	1	Developer
strangemoose	alleg	0	Developer
strarup	cgmuscle	0	No specific role
straszheim	boost	0	Developer
stratagem	xaraya	1	Tester
straumat	joffad	1	Developer
streak	fcmp	1	No specific role
streboryaj	iplib	1	All-Hands Person
stretch	pilrcedit	1	No specific role
streu	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
strider-gu	openzelda	0	No specific role
strimo	php-ms-demangle	1	No specific role
stripslashes	paced	1	No specific role
stripwax	cbccl	0	Developer
stroeder	python-ldap	1	All-Hands Person
strogge	viperide	1	No specific role
stromgt	banteng	1	No specific role
strongberry	jakarta-k	0	Developer
structor	vmime	0	Developer
stsolakos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
stu001	xsltsl	0	Developer
stuartharper	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
stuartmarsden	epp-rtk	0	Developer
stuart_fraser	ajax4one	1	No specific role
studerby	tjdo	1	Project Manager
studious	utplsql	0	Developer
stuffle	preps	1	No specific role
stunorton	voicecode	1	Developer
stupenrose	commondesktop	1	No specific role
sturtivant	exegraph	0	Developer
styxo	celengine	1	Project Manager
su1d	php-templates	1	All-Hands Person
suatakyol	ltilib	0	Developer
subach	phpskel	1	Project Manager
subatomic	ggt	0	Project Manager
subatomic	xml-cppdom	0	All-Hands Person
subbo	scim	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
subbur	arch4j	1	Developer
subjective	xmlworks	1	Developer
sudeshsoni	jxquick	1	Developer
sudeshsoni	jxunit	1	Developer
sudhaker	xoops	0	Developer
sudhanshu	cplusplus	0	Developer
suf	wbxml-net	1	No specific role
suifdra	javabdd	0	Developer
suiryc	uci	0	Developer
sujk	translet	1	Developer
sulev	cdk	0	Developer
sullis	jdollars	1	No specific role
sullutions	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
sultan_szz	xbunit	1	No specific role
sumodirjo	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sumojim	developersclub	0	No specific role
sunbalan	e-helpdesk	0	Developer
sunbalan	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
sune_simonsen	jedit	0	Developer
sunfmin	tacos	0	Developer
sungo	apache-htaccess	1	No specific role
sungo	poe	0	Developer
sungo	sungo	1	No specific role
sunh11373	slimpgp	1	No specific role
sunheng	jobman	1	No specific role
sunheng	mcrypt	1	Project Manager
sunil	lbs	0	Project Manager
sunil_kosalge	translet	0	Developer
sunil_s	tinywidgets	1	No specific role
sunil_ssm	jformmail	1	No specific role
sunking	librendevous	0	Web Designer
sunmaster2020	carsovu	1	Developer
sunny_y_m	websharp	1	No specific role
sunprofile	sunprofile	1	No specific role
sunya	jpreferences	1	All-Hands Person
sunyi	posixtest	0	Developer
super-lloyd	pfct4net	1	No specific role
superbible_cs	acai	0	No specific role
supercranky	bamcompile	1	No specific role
superflyz	lernquiz	1	No specific role
superhausi	projector	1	No specific role
supermule	wxhaskell	0	No specific role
supersteve1440	scul	1	No specific role
supertaz	libdthreads	1	No specific role
suppcast	kencoder	1	Project Manager
suppcast	kinterdev	1	No specific role
surajacharya	cedet	0	Developer
suranyami	chello	0	No specific role
surazal	schematics	1	No specific role
surehand	tpessence	0	No specific role
surehand	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
surehand	tpipro	1	Project Manager
surehand	tpsrmgr	0	Developer
surfous	sforce	0	Developer
suribada	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
suriver	tgtl	0	Developer
sursa	sw-engg-ide	1	No specific role
sursha	soapanywhere	0	Developer
susfour	chiphpug	1	Developer
sushi_78	preclipse	0	Developer
suso	arts	0	Developer
sutter2k	jedit	0	No specific role
sutter2k	quartz	0	Developer
suy	dfsm	0	Developer
suyog	ccaudio	0	No specific role
suzhe	scim	1	Project Manager
sval	wsis	0	Developer
svanas	synedit	0	No specific role
svante	axpipe	1	No specific role
svene	eiffel	0	Developer
svene	eifogl	0	Developer
svene	elj	0	Developer
svene	elj-win32	0	No specific role
svene	exml	0	Developer
svene	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
svenib	jtlib	1	Developer
svenreichard	delphinet	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
svenreul	cphplib	0	Developer
svens	alleg	0	Developer
svens	dime	1	No specific role
sventantau	twe	1	No specific role
sven_buente	interval	0	Developer
sven_luzar	jgoose	1	Project Manager
sverige	generic-wrkflow	1	Project Manager
sverige	jvcl	0	Developer
svetzal	gsbase	0	Developer
svigna	jsap	0	Developer
svinot	karis	1	Project Manager
svolokitina	libdms	0	Developer
svu	jados	1	No specific role
svu	jedit	0	Developer
svv07	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
svvto	promanager	0	No specific role
svwright	c4for	1	No specific role
swaldman	regexviewer	1	No specific role
swallace	palm-wrap	1	No specific role
swapx	patchwork13	0	Developer
swatcat	pdkb	0	No specific role
swdave	ivm	0	Developer
swebster	carbonfive	0	No specific role
sweetums	beepcore-c	1	All-Hands Person
swegecko	gridarta	0	Developer
swenker	ministone	1	No specific role
swensenj	phplib	0	Developer
swhale	sarissa	0	Developer
swiftcoder	wgois	0	Developer
swildermuth	adonetpack	1	No specific role
swing_fox	isql	0	No specific role
swisslyons	zang	0	Web Designer
swizin	controlfreak	1	No specific role
swmasters	ide-master	1	Project Manager
sword42	esw	0	Developer
swu23	osdldbt	0	Developer
sxpert	gstreamer	0	No specific role
sy7robc	serf	0	Developer
sybr	sybr	1	No specific role
syeoh	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
syhaas	jarwizy	1	Developer
syhrus	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
syl	boost	0	Developer
sylbert	palmlibhttp	1	Project Manager
sylbert	simpletk	0	Developer
sylfra	rcopier	1	No specific role
sylverboss	concentre-xml	0	Developer
syn-apse	annie	0	Developer
syntheticpp	scusi	1	No specific role
synx13	libbt	0	Developer
syracus2	syracus-spring	1	No specific role
syracus2	syracus-stripes	1	Developer
syrjala	mesa3d	0	Developer
syrusm	ai-standards	0	Developer
syscriptor	syscriptor	1	Project Manager
sysearty	posixtest	0	Developer
system_failure	openzelda	0	No specific role
syzws	jcvs-ssl	1	No specific role
szabgab	winguitest	1	Project Manager
szabgab	x11guitest	0	Developer
szabgab	yapcom	1	No specific role
szabtam	javawebparts	0	Developer
szegedia	freemarker	1	No specific role
szegedia	jaxen	0	Developer
szegedia	julog	1	No specific role
szeiger	novocode-tk	1	Project Manager
szilu	sscl	1	No specific role
szocsi	sscl	0	No specific role
szoke	nhibernate	0	Developer
szoke	sltw	1	No specific role
szorcsford	kscope	0	Developer
szulman	jgoose	1	Developer
szuwalski	cle	1	Project Manager
s_a_white	libini	1	No specific role
s_fernandes	worksco	1	Project Manager
s_feuerstein	utplsql	0	No specific role
s_holder	orm4j	1	Developer
s_kruk	resourcepocket	1	No specific role
s_m	nteam	0	Project Manager
s_parlane	libshare	1	No specific role
s_srirama	dotgrid	0	No specific role
s_yevtushenko	scola	0	Developer
t-master	boardmod	1	Developer
t-seino	agda	1	Developer
t-v	gwenhywfar	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
t0605tv	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
t0m_	openxdk	0	Developer
t1deman	gridiron	0	Developer
t1mpy	id3lib	1	Project Manager
t22t	miniserver	1	Developer
t9mike	wxnet	1	Developer
ta2	config-inifiles	0	No specific role
taab	shiningaffix	1	No specific role
tabbey	chiphpug	1	Project Manager
tabeck	jtemporal	1	No specific role
tabeckatwork	jtemporal	0	Developer
taber_loveless	osdldbt	0	Developer
tabmaster	thefigaro	1	No specific role
taboozizi	vbunitfree	1	No specific role
tacicu	cvs-intro	0	Developer
tactica	adtools	0	All-Hands Person
taddyman	xslt-process	0	No specific role
tadpole9	fann	0	Developer
tadug	bigarithmetic	1	No specific role
taf2cs	gtkwireless	1	No specific role
taffkoi	eiffel-edom	0	Developer
tahasam	taskbean	1	Project Manager
tak	jmichelle	1	No specific role
tak-yoshida	optionzero	1	Project Manager
takatsukam	jbeanmisc	1	No specific role
takatsukam	jbeanvam	1	No specific role
takezoe	amateras	1	No specific role
takiii	dattel	1	Project Manager
takis	uimldotnet	0	Developer
takumanjiro	tolstoj	1	No specific role
takumi-h	js-commons	1	No specific role
talbert	fd-doc	0	Doc Writer
tald	astyle	1	No specific role
talidat	tce	1	No specific role
talios	idxml	1	Developer
tallackn	hermesweb	0	Tester
tallniel	tktable	0	Developer
tals	treexml	1	Project Manager
tam0	nrss	1	No specific role
tamaki	ltilib	0	Developer
tamaki	widestudio	1	Tester
tammo	openshore	1	Developer
tammofreese	easymock	1	No specific role
tamzdrgn	libbt	0	Developer
taneltanel	menda	0	Developer
tanersener	source2source	1	No specific role
tangsc	projection	1	Project Manager
tanis	asptemplate	1	Project Manager
tanis	dotgrid	1	No specific role
tanisj	f1help	1	No specific role
tanmaykm	classeditor	1	No specific role
tanocelen	pmking	0	Developer
tanumoy	dfdedit	0	No specific role
tanus	prado	0	Developer
tanus	webpanels	1	No specific role
taoism	oofb	1	No specific role
taoxie	stabilizer	0	No specific role
tap2k	indic-computing	0	Developer
tapaccos	log4cpp	0	Developer
tapiwattanapong	insectj	0	Developer
taq	multicssparser	1	No specific role
taqua	jfreedesigner	1	No specific role
taqua	jfreereport	1	Project Manager
tarapolice	xmlworks	1	Developer
tarique	phplib	0	Developer
tarr	cme	0	Developer
tarrantsun	poe	0	Developer
tarruella	pyxmlunit	1	No specific role
tarus	jrobin	1	Project Manager
tasdev	whisper2	0	Developer
taserv	smsm	1	No specific role
tashiro	cdk	0	Developer
tasneem	hammurapi	0	Developer
tassiedevil	openrj	0	Developer
tassiedevil	pantheios	0	Developer
tassiedevil	strsw	0	No specific role
tastapod	ln2	0	Developer
tat0o	cutee	1	No specific role
tat0o	mimetic	1	All-Hands Person
tav	pyutil	0	Developer
tavakoly	kakilik	0	No specific role
tavisbones	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
taweili	dbgen	1	No specific role
taweili	jsh	0	Developer
taweili	kxml	0	Developer
taykwana	cs-adforms	1	No specific role
taylorc	basicportal	0	No specific role
tazzoli	cat	0	Developer
tb100	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
tb100	libgba	1	Project Manager
tbcox23	utplsql	0	Developer
tbergmann	oltp-platform	1	No specific role
tbornhaupt	dwpl	0	Developer
tborras	reports	0	Developer
tbp	tu-testbed	0	Developer
tbrannam	remotecalendars	0	Developer
tbreina	wxdsgn	1	Developer
tbuckel	jvalann	1	No specific role
tburgler	tburgler	1	No specific role
tburks	rubycocoa	0	Developer
tburnham	fxutility	0	Developer
tbutkie1	doctorjopentool	1	No specific role
tbzatek	gtk2forpascal	0	Developer
tb_2000	opentheme	0	Project Manager
tb_ryan	xsdfbuilder	1	No specific role
tcaduto	synedit	0	No specific role
tcarrico	cougaar	1	Project Manager
tcdias	debiancell	0	Developer
tcepsa	memlib	1	No specific role
tcharron	jabcpp	1	No specific role
tchester	vbdoc	1	Developer
tchouamoueric	phpexplorator	1	Project Manager
tcloonan	jasperreports	0	Editorial/Content Writer
tcmiller	jinit	1	No specific role
tcooke	simpletk	0	No specific role
tcorbettclark	midge	1	No specific role
tcornel	silpentree	1	Developer
tcrouch	delphinet	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tcsmith	log4cplus	1	Project Manager
td202	qf-utils	0	Developer
tdanylak	scipio	1	Project Manager
tdanylak	xtom	1	No specific role
tdesposito	alescere-engine	1	No specific role
tdhdeep	anyedit	1	Project Manager
tdhdeep	nsis-scriptgen	1	No specific role
tdjordan	fxbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
tdjordan	nfor	1	No specific role
tdkoll	prograde	0	Developer
tdnjln	brownbag	0	Web Designer
tdrury	oddas	1	No specific role
tds_fasp	helpdesk1	1	Developer
tdukes	gtkmm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tdunn	judo	1	No specific role
te2	phplangadmin	0	Developer
tea_man	pjda	1	No specific role
tebis	tdmlib	1	Project Manager
techcode_net	proton-ce	0	Developer
techentin	units	1	Project Manager
techieguy	googlipse	1	No specific role
technobug	jdatabaseimport	1	No specific role
technoguru	report	0	Developer
technorama	rubyzip	1	Developer
techtonik	int13ext	1	No specific role
tectsoft	ocs-comps	1	No specific role
tecuya	xoops	0	Developer
tedx2k	mokoi	1	Project Manager
teebaum	gstreamer	0	Developer
teebaum	libsigc	1	Project Manager
teebeenz	mortik	1	Developer
tek2001x	tanglekit	0	Developer
tekcor	msd	1	Project Manager
tekhn	hexel	1	No specific role
tekhorror	bugnet	1	Project Manager
tekinico	gtlregex	1	Developer
teknikill	poe	0	Developer
tekno	fxpltext	1	No specific role
teknopaul	jsptemplate	1	No specific role
tekra	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
tektor	bananadotnet	0	Developer
telka	openwince	1	Project Manager
tellarin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
tellini	phptalext	1	No specific role
telto	cdk	0	Developer
tempel	klibs	0	No specific role
temporal	guf	1	No specific role
temporary	jedit	0	Developer
tenar	tosl	1	No specific role
tenharmsel	haste	0	No specific role
teniga	teniga	1	No specific role
tennant	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
teodord	jasperreports	1	Project Manager
teoliphant	matplotlib	0	Developer
teon	fddtrack	1	No specific role
teo_sarca	compilo	0	Developer
teranova1969	teevee	1	No specific role
terfloth	jmove	1	Project Manager
terminusdv	cmage	1	No specific role
ternaryd	lib2022	1	No specific role
ternet	mytm	1	No specific role
teroh	pdis-miso	1	No specific role
terop	gtkmm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
terpstra	libctk	1	No specific role
terraalien	lapidary	1	No specific role
terraalien	rubyeclipse	0	All-Hands Person
terralance	motmot	1	Project Manager
terrasoft	basik	1	No specific role
terrelshumway	optik	0	Developer
terrelshumway	wxidle	1	No specific role
terrorix	virtualdbgrid	1	No specific role
terrycojones	aquamacs	0	Developer
terrydenham	wixgui	0	Developer
terrydoyle	flexitree	1	No specific role
terrydye	jconfig	1	Project Manager
terrydye	jlo	1	Project Manager
terryn	megazeux	0	Support Manager
terry_teague	tidy	1	Developer
tessein	uptimenotifier	1	No specific role
tessmonsta	deninet	1	All-Hands Person
testdll	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
testmpp	multitreemap	0	Tester
tetralith	vxglib	1	Developer
tetryl	haskell-libs	0	Developer
tetsujin	appv	1	No specific role
tetsujin	dtv	1	No specific role
tetsujin	tetsujin	1	No specific role
tetsuyatsurugi	joone	0	Developer
teuf	gstreamer	0	Developer
tewald	hex	1	All-Hands Person
texas_stu	xmltester	1	Project Manager
teyjohn	secureinstaller	0	Developer
tfenne	freemarker	0	Developer
tfenne	jarjunkie	0	No specific role
tfmorris	gdbi	0	Developer
tfosa	smartcard	0	No specific role
tfredrich	jpo	1	No specific role
tfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
tfrieden	clib2	0	No specific role
tfrieden	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
tfurlong	cadkit	0	Developer
tgcap	m3g-viewer	1	No specific role
tgds	perlcomposer	1	Developer
tgideon	navel	1	No specific role
tgilkison	eaasyst	0	Developer
tgkamp	picotk	1	No specific role
tgtrspencer	hammurapi	0	No specific role
tguinther	jsynch	1	No specific role
tguzik	jabbercom	1	Developer
thaberkern	legong	1	Developer
thackeray_s	osdldbt	0	Developer
thalanki_naveen	utplsql	0	No specific role
thancock	py-universe	1	Content Management
thanik	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
thanos	ilabs	0	Project Manager
tharju	pronetha	1	Developer
thaveman	freevm	1	No specific role
thayne	ggi	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
thaytan	gstreamer	0	Developer
thazel	txobject	1	Project Manager
thbieltvedt	bossxo	0	Developer
thboeckel	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
thboeckel	identifylib	0	Developer
thboeckel	nlist-classes	0	Developer
the-guru	vainstall	0	Developer
the-moog	tinysh	1	No specific role
the-raptor	xbashserv	0	Web Designer
the-raven	ivm	0	Developer
the0ther	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
theald	fbcommunity	1	No specific role
theanaconda	sokuwort	1	No specific role
theanimal666	borgworx	1	Project Manager
theantony	adtools	1	Developer
theantony	clib2	0	No specific role
thebee	isql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
thebosm	cdis	1	No specific role
thebosm	reb	1	No specific role
thecodemonster	facepaint	1	No specific role
thecreator	bokux2d	1	Project Manager
theeggman	poisonx	1	Project Manager
thef0x	wdkeclipseplug	0	Developer
thefez	infinity-plus-1	1	Developer
thefirelane	sente	1	All-Hands Person
thefrogprince	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
theghost19	phplangadmin	1	Project Manager
theglasswalker	actualizer	1	No specific role
thehobbit	libedit	1	No specific role
theiling	dot2gdl	1	No specific role
theiling	erwin2	1	No specific role
theisen	opframeworks	1	No specific role
theiwaz	dotlucene	0	No specific role
thejcab	boost	0	Developer
thejustinwalsh	wgois	0	Developer
thekilled	gbamapedit	0	Developer
thekm	basicportal	0	Developer
theller	comtypes	1	No specific role
theller	ctypes	1	All-Hands Person
theller	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
theller	venster	0	No specific role
themaniac	dcl	0	Distributor/Promoter
themarshal	jedit	0	No specific role
thementat	mstring	1	Project Manager
thenewone	realmethods	0	Developer
thenuts	easyobjects	1	No specific role
thenux	phpserial	1	No specific role
theodiggers	tbroot	1	Project Manager
theodoreward	astrogrep	1	No specific role
theogough	xslt4exml	1	No specific role
theophys	kdevelop	1	No specific role
theovlastuin	jxpfw	0	Developer
theplanet	accountguard	1	Developer
thepomy	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
theprogramer	easyphpfw	1	No specific role
theran	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
therandthem	jsh	0	Developer
theri0n	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
thermal	libcfig	1	No specific role
thertz	xsltml	0	Developer
thesfinx	ganimede	0	Developer
thesilentkiller	mapgrabber	1	No specific role
thestudent	fadingsummer	1	Support Manager
thetarro	edumips64	0	Developer
thetitan	ruby-dbi	0	No specific role
thetitan	rubydoc	1	All-Hands Person
thetitan	rubynet	1	All-Hands Person
theunixdude	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
theuraeus	gstreamer	1	All-Hands Person
theute	hibernate	0	Developer
theute	jbpm	0	Developer
thevivi	xoops	0	No specific role
thewoolleyman	jfig	0	Developer
theworld40	arghelper	1	No specific role
theworld40	tinycfg	1	No specific role
the_bender	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
the_bob	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
the_earl	c681xbots	1	All-Hands Person
the_ellessar	baritus	0	Developer
the_fiddler	opentk	1	No specific role
the_guy	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
the_high_castle	xippo	0	All-Hands Person
the_mindstorm	coffeeby1	0	Developer
the_moon	triassic	0	Developer
the_shade	c-y-a	0	Developer
the_speed_bump	ika	1	Project Manager
the_valium	open-sstcp	1	No specific role
thf_dev	kamaelia	0	Developer
thhsieh	libtabe	0	No specific role
thiagocorrea	revelationp	1	No specific role
thiagodp	openboleto	1	Project Manager
thiagosjava	market-garden	1	Support Manager
thiago_cabral	firnix	0	Developer
thiefghost	midgetwindows	1	No specific role
thierryc	csstidy	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
thierry_benoist	choco	1	Developer
thierry_cattel	easymocknet	0	Doc Writer
thijsj	blijf	1	All-Hands Person
thiloplanz	budgie	1	No specific role
thiloplanz	perl-pad	1	No specific role
thinkerwiz	logwriter	1	No specific role
thirdapple	nsbrain	1	No specific role
thistledowne	abcp	1	No specific role
thjordan	ooml	1	Developer
thjvdb	freeeibide	1	No specific role
thlee	onemind-commons	1	No specific role
thlee	swingweb	1	No specific role
thmarx	ashpool	0	Developer
thmoje	nteam	0	No specific role
tho23	jollector	1	No specific role
thoennes	quickfix	0	Developer
thofi	eclipsetools	1	No specific role
thofmann	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
thol01ab	wsis	0	Developer
tholti	avango	1	Project Manager
thomas	rubyzip	1	No specific role
thomas	zipios	1	Project Manager
thomas-m	associations	1	No specific role
thomas-m	janus-plugin	1	No specific role
thomas-m	seesaw	1	No specific role
thomasd	stax	1	No specific role
thomasfelber	lagoony	1	Developer
thomasfr	jnlseditor	1	Project Manager
thomashuijer	crplugin	0	Developer
thomasjachmann	jsf-spring	1	Support Manager
thomaskuhn	cdk	0	Developer
thomasp20	jxquick	0	No specific role
thomasp20	jxunit	0	Developer
thomasvs	gstreamer	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
thomasw1	cassandra	0	Developer
thomaswood	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
thomas_justier	cool	0	All-Hands Person
thomas_rieger	cassandra	0	Developer
thomas_scharke	cassandra	0	Developer
thomas_scherm	concern	0	Requirements Engineering
thomas_smith	bwdnnsb	1	No specific role
thomas_weise	java-sfc	1	No specific role
thompsonbry	cweb	1	Project Manager
thor574	krass	1	No specific role
thoraage	xradar	0	Developer
thoraxdk	wikiflashplugin	1	Developer
thorgrim_	bokux2d	0	No specific role
thorkri	text	1	No specific role
thornhalo	openai	1	Developer
thorsteng	moreforcpp	1	No specific role
thorstenhell	cids-toolkit	1	Project Manager
thorstenj	phpeclipse	0	Developer
thorsten_engler	jedimath	0	Developer
thorsten_engler	tpapro	0	No specific role
thorsten_engler	tpaproclx	0	Developer
thorsten_engler	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
thorsten_engler	tplockbox	0	No specific role
thorsten_engler	tpsystools	0	No specific role
thorsten_engler	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
thoth39	socketstream	1	All-Hands Person
thoughtpolice	loaditv2	1	No specific role
thoulder	sequenceview	1	No specific role
thraxisp	mantisbt	0	Developer
thraxsivae	autorealm	1	Developer
threequalizer	gbo	1	No specific role
thrysoee	vcf	0	Developer
ths-sf	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
thsutton	openclips	1	Developer
thughes	ro-oslib	1	Developer
thul	syscriptor	1	Developer
thundercow	gretel	0	Developer
thunderzone	icg	1	Developer
thusted	basicportal	0	No specific role
thusted	formproc	1	Developer
thusted	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
thusted	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
thusted	junitbook	1	No specific role
thusted	mav	1	No specific role
thusted	nausicaa	0	Support Manager
thusted	struts	1	Project Manager
thusted	strutstestcase	0	Developer
thx1855	xaraya	1	Developer
thycotic	thycotic-data	1	No specific role
thyng	ps2dev	0	Tester
tiagosch	notes2	0	Developer
tianchao	wsag4globus	1	No specific role
tibbons	phpdynatree	0	Developer
tibu	jedit	0	No specific role
tibu	mx4j	1	Project Manager
tibu	openjmx	1	Project Manager
tibu	service-cache	0	Developer
tiesel	isqltcl	0	Developer
tiger312	drjava	0	Developer
tigerchamp	pbassistant	1	No specific role
tigermalinen	tomcatide	1	Developer
tigeryan	wireframetool	0	Developer
tigital	dxglwrap	0	Developer
tiian	libjf	1	No specific role
tijs	g2	0	Developer
til77	jfreereport	0	Developer
tim-w	geshi	0	Developer
tim11soft	service11	1	Project Manager
tim3pagden	chinook	1	No specific role
timbob1803	valuelist	1	Project Manager
timbreitkreutz	hopper	1	Project Manager
timc	rpy	0	Developer
timdale	chimpinstall	0	Tester
timetrack	phpdoc	1	No specific role
timfulmer	wagaef	1	No specific role
timhickey	interval	1	Project Manager
timhickey	zclipse	0	No specific role
timhill	advancedvbrefs	1	No specific role
timiscool999	memcacheddotnet	1	No specific role
timjoyce	melati	1	No specific role
timmmm	daccel	0	Developer
timmyg	phpocketknife	1	Project Manager
timmyg	phpxmltools	1	All-Hands Person
timonentwig	log4eclipse	1	No specific role
timoross	tagtraum-jo	0	Developer
timp	melati	1	No specific role
timp	wafer	0	Developer
timtennant	arroyo	1	No specific role
timtw	neunit	1	No specific role
timussch	ofc	0	Developer
timw	lbs	1	All-Hands Person
tinaye	spc	0	Developer
tindalos	winrash	0	No specific role
tirix	anim8orloader	1	No specific role
tirsen	angkor	1	No specific role
tirsen	hanoi	1	Project Manager
tirsen	madeleine	0	No specific role
tirsen	nanning	1	No specific role
tirsen	presto	0	Developer
tirsen	prevayler	0	Developer
tischnoetentoet	gvhupdater	1	Developer
tismer	bytecodehacks	0	No specific role
tisoft	microemulator	0	Developer
titanandrews	tablediff	1	No specific role
titanite	jabcpp	0	Developer
titato	wxart2d	1	Project Manager
titcar	pixel-team	1	Project Manager
titi_angola	runesword	1	Developer
tittodiego	facturalux	0	Developer
tittoproject	x-launcher	1	No specific role
tiw3chlo	bgclass	0	No specific role
ti_chris	lfp	1	No specific role
ti_eugene	qt1l	0	Developer
tjacyno	xmen	0	Developer
tjaden	alleg	1	Developer
tjaden	libnet	1	No specific role
tjb300	nhibernate	0	Developer
tjfontaine	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
tjhart	testkit	1	All-Hands Person
tjlytle	cwpapi	0	Developer
tjpsoftware	ledgerlink	1	No specific role
tjuerge	springframework	0	Developer
tjuerge	springide-eclip	1	No specific role
tjuerge	springui	1	No specific role
tjuerge	springui-ext	0	Developer
tjuerge	veloedit	1	No specific role
tjwarren	pyedlin	1	No specific role
tj_willis	steelme	1	No specific role
tk106	pipe2	1	Developer
tkalvas	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
tkarr	raid	1	Developer
tkeuix	tkdev	0	Developer
tkgkp	phpgwpl	0	Developer
tkmower	xplanner	0	Developer
tknapen	boost	0	Developer
tkubaska	jmaths	0	Doc Writer
tkuchel	activelock	1	Project Manager
tkurz	embeddedloconet	0	No specific role
tlauinge	jlf	1	No specific role
tliron	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
tlk00	bmagic	1	No specific role
tlodge	obe	0	Developer
tlovell-smith	yard-parser	0	Developer
tlowen	agentfactory	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tlowing	jeweltools	1	No specific role
tltabor	wtl	0	No specific role
tlu	phpgwpl	0	Project Manager
tm243	ippfp	1	Developer
tm243	php-qt	1	No specific role
tmajor	easydock	1	No specific role
tmarti	carbon	0	Developer
tmassi	libsfee-perl	1	No specific role
tmbarrett	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
tmichel	devtool	1	Project Manager
tmitchel	openmap	1	Developer
tmjee	jbpm	0	Developer
tmoertel	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
tmonjalo	wxcode	0	Developer
tmpetsos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
tmurakam	scenerytools	1	Project Manager
tmyrtle	json	0	Developer
tm_jee	struts	1	Developer
tni	gtkfc	1	Project Manager
tnist	basicportal	0	No specific role
toad	esiobjects	0	No specific role
toad	omega	0	No specific role
toad	pdkb	0	No specific role
toanthrax	fimage	0	Tester
toanthrax	upxer	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
toasta	xpweb	0	No specific role
tobias-herp	roundup	0	Developer
tobiasdietl	locationtrader	0	No specific role
tobiaseberle	aba	1	Developer
tobiaseriksson	jntservices	1	Developer
tobiast	xradar	0	No specific role
tobias_hauz	cassandra	1	Project Manager
tobias_hoffmann	jarinspector	0	Developer
tobinharris	dotgrid	0	Developer
tobydonaldson	sprout	1	No specific role
toche_	pldoc	0	Developer
todesschaf	librendevous	1	Developer
toggm	xpmt	1	No specific role
tohel	cdk	0	Developer
tojo	sdlpas	1	No specific role
tokaiz	filex	1	Developer
tokikenshi	arylon	1	Developer
tokoe82	crosswater	1	No specific role
tokoe82	mindx	0	Developer
tolik	miniserver	1	Developer
tolstoy	bmagic	0	Developer
tom191gmx	w32-perlexe-env	1	Developer
tomadams	jrdf	1	Developer
tomashamala	alpp	1	No specific role
tomasliq	omtk	1	No specific role
tomasvilda	tbarcode	1	No specific role
tombaeyens	jbpm	1	Project Manager
tomcopeland	importscrubber	1	Developer
tomcopeland	pmd	1	Project Manager
tomek_h	librtf	1	No specific role
tometheus	trilldev	0	Developer
tomhoward	rccparser	1	Project Manager
tomimas	javasom	1	No specific role
tomjnsn	jsfilter	1	No specific role
tommulgrew	netlib4games	1	No specific role
tommy_butler	ooopps	1	Project Manager
tomof	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
tomothy	svendev	1	Project Manager
tompiazza	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
tompr1234	greenflag	1	No specific role
tompte	jitter	0	Developer
tomriemer	buglet	1	No specific role
tomslot	pmd	0	Developer
tomsnyers	raftnet	1	Developer
tomy	jniosocket	1	Developer
tomyeh	zk1	1	Project Manager
tomzwo	jeldoclet	1	Developer
tom_carden	processing	0	Tester
tom_menzel	vshelpers	1	No specific role
tom_tessier	jscroll	1	No specific role
tom_weber	libzz	1	No specific role
tonanbarbarian	dbform	1	No specific role
tonim	ibaccess	1	Developer
tonimaric	xsdf	0	Tester
toninonino	copt	1	No specific role
tonn	flens	0	Tester
tonpg	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
tony007	kidbasic	0	Developer
tony2001	libxls	0	Developer
tonyrog	btt	0	Developer
tonyvdh	ro-oslib	1	Project Manager
tonyweston	ssresourcekit	1	No specific role
tony_lai	leverpack	1	No specific role
tool-man	domunit	1	No specific role
toolshed	dxframework	1	Project Manager
toolshed	sgio	1	Project Manager
toolshed	soar	1	Project Manager
toons_osgi	age-osgi	1	No specific role
tootix	rtlcheck	1	No specific role
topas2d	topas2d	1	No specific role
topcall	cdsd	1	No specific role
toph	opencbp	0	No specific role
topolar	misterengine	1	Project Manager
topping	dom4j	0	Developer
topping	quartz	0	Developer
tor2	libssh2	0	Developer
torangan	bugzilla-de	0	No specific role
torcq	passrcp	1	No specific role
toroparado	elips	0	Developer
torstein	cleanux	1	Developer
torsten	libctk	1	No specific role
tortugalabs	mxml	0	Developer
torvald	perlcpn	1	No specific role
totem2004	jline	0	Developer
totoro77	iwroot	0	Developer
totwi	jakarta-k	0	Developer
toudiusz	jlinq	1	No specific role
tourettes_	mp-plugins	0	Developer
tournois	ximol	1	No specific role
touzas	touzas	1	No specific role
towi	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
towro	sdlreflex	1	No specific role
toxicthebunny	wxcode	0	Developer
toxmeister	processing	0	No specific role
tp9	jcf	0	Developer
tpaoletti	bekaffe	1	No specific role
tpatke	jeldoclet	0	Developer
tpecorella	nepsing	1	Project Manager
tponte	luajava	1	No specific role
tpot	tdb	1	No specific role
tpruvot	sqlitemanager	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpabbrevia	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpapro	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpessence	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpipro	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tplockbox	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tponguard	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpopro	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tporpheus	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpsrmgr	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpsystools	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpsystoolskylix	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
tpsfadmin	tpxmlpartner	1	Unix Admin
tpsoftware	q3plugs	1	Developer
tpsoftware	quicksql	1	Developer
tpunkka	embunit	1	Developer
traber	taglets	1	No specific role
tracerbu11et	visemacs	0	Developer
tradams	lightforms	0	Developer
tradams	nativeswt	0	No specific role
tradem	dom4j	0	Developer
tradem	jode	0	Developer
trakker	libctk	1	No specific role
tramm	getoptions	1	No specific role
tramuntana	xpweb	0	No specific role
tranmanyo	sforce	1	Project Manager
transit	sbcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
trashlyn	bugtracking	1	No specific role
traumwind	lua-users	0	No specific role
trayburn	nunit	0	Developer
treaves	jest	1	Developer
trebl	allegrogl	0	Developer
treebhoph	weblibraries	1	Project Manager
treectrl	tktreectrl	1	No specific role
treeves	python-gtkextra	1	Project Manager
trem	asmcrew	1	No specific role
tremchez	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
trent_millar	nchain	1	No specific role
treseizero_org	yed	1	No specific role
trevarthan	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
trevelyan2001	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
trevorolio	javaatomiclibs	1	No specific role
trev_vb	vbisam	1	Developer
trex1512	gladius	0	Tester
trgse	ucon64	0	Developer
tricky_t	drjava	0	Developer
trident	bdffont	1	Project Manager
trident	ccounter	1	Project Manager
trident	dephicodetodoc	1	Project Manager
tridge	tdb	1	No specific role
trifonnt	compilo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
trifu	jgoose	0	Developer
triggertv	inkmenu	0	Tester
trilec	fltk	0	Developer
trilobite	jetpp	0	Developer
trimethyl	ivm	0	Developer
trini0	myphpnuke	1	All-Hands Person
triplem	bugtracker	0	All-Hands Person
tripmon	xoops	0	Developer
tripplea	jupdate	0	Developer
trisberg	springframework	0	Developer
triso	cshroud	1	No specific role
tritchey	rrspreadsheet	1	No specific role
tritiumosu	librendevous	0	Tester
trixx	sdl4fp	1	No specific role
troelsn	wsis	0	Developer
trolocsis	libspython	1	No specific role
tromer	librsync	0	Developer
tron21net	phpmychangelog	1	Project Manager
trondka	bossxo	0	Developer
trondkl	informa	0	Developer
tronics	svprog	1	Developer
trout	lua-users	1	No specific role
troyer	boost	0	Developer
troyhebe	judy	1	Developer
troy_melhase	ibpy	1	Developer
troy_melhase	profitpy	1	No specific role
trsenna	alunoapp	1	No specific role
trudslev	uoaid	1	Project Manager
true_garzol	ocamaweb	0	Editorial/Content Writer
true_garzol	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
true_mojo	lcolorpicker	1	No specific role
trumpetinc	cweb	0	Developer
trumpetinc	jpers	1	No specific role
trungtran	lrttester	1	Project Manager
truong2d	ddt-mini-soft	1	No specific role
tryggvil	smile	0	Developer
tsayles	galacticfront	1	Project Manager
tschaggelar	jedimath	0	Developer
tschlabach	jmirage	1	No specific role
tschrijvers	org-jutil	0	Developer
tsee	math-symbolic	1	No specific role
tsetem	adaparse	1	No specific role
tshadb	libdbutil	1	No specific role
tshead	gtkglext	1	Developer
tshoang	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
tslettebo	boost	0	Developer
tsmango	argus-tracker	1	No specific role
tsmets	joone	0	Developer
tso	pynum2word	1	No specific role
tst	tclfr	1	No specific role
tsvetozar	ezwindows	1	No specific role
tswicegood	simpletest	0	Developer
ttammisa	openpjb	0	Developer
ttate	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
ttate	xtemplate	1	No specific role
ttegoeh	j2b	1	No specific role
tteuling	illumination	1	Project Manager
tthiraku	amakihi	0	Developer
ttlaitin	jicengine	1	No specific role
ttolle	swingml	0	Developer
ttorous	drjava	0	Developer
ttoupin	jcafe	1	No specific role
ttr	oges	1	No specific role
ttthrasher	ika	0	Web Designer
ttyco	as2lib	0	Doc Writer
tubadanm	epp-rtk	1	Developer
tubadanm	epptt	1	Project Manager
tubinson	alibrowse	1	No specific role
tubrody	metrics	0	No specific role
tuesday	fadingsummer	0	Developer
tugkerad	live-generator	0	No specific role
tuhtah	roundup	0	Developer
tuler	luaeclipse	1	No specific role
tulrich	tu-testbed	1	Project Manager
tuma	processdash	1	Developer
tummen	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
tuncnamli	rideproject	1	Developer
tunemn1	jxml	0	Developer
turadg	php-mode	1	Project Manager
turbandan	scb	0	Developer
turbo	bcbdirectx	0	No specific role
turbobutton	simplethread	1	No specific role
turchinc	csharp-studio	0	Developer
turdfergusson	smoothiemods	0	Tester
turin42	hibernate	1	Developer
turing	binarycloud	1	Project Manager
turingtest	arachnid	1	No specific role
turkanis	boost	0	Developer
turner	diablo95	1	Developer
turnermm	excavator	1	No specific role
tutamuniz	popauth	1	No specific role
tutorialcms	tutorialcms	1	No specific role
tuxinator_linux	db-esession	1	Project Manager
tvaga	pattern	0	No specific role
tvu007007	jasperreports	0	Editorial/Content Writer
tw0f4c3s	athosframework	1	No specific role
twbsd	twbsdbug	1	No specific role
twcook	openclips	1	No specific role
tweak187	webtester	0	Web Designer
tweety_04_01	hunterogl	1	No specific role
tweety_04_01	scripter-cs	1	No specific role
twh270	wafer	0	Developer
twiad	celengine	1	Developer
twiechmann	esiobjects	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
twigletmac	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
twitkamp	gsk	0	Developer
twm	gexperts	0	Developer
twm	jcl	0	Developer
twm	rxlib	1	Project Manager
twodogssoftware	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
twpatkua	jbenchmark	0	No specific role
tyanh	j-sim	1	No specific role
tycordinal	javasignalslot	1	No specific role
tyger23	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
tylertravis	realmethods	1	Project Manager
tyleryippee	btp	1	Project Manager
tylix	sqlfpas	0	Developer
tylocook	ptm	0	Developer
type2	prospect	1	Project Manager
typedrobin	ezlicense	1	Project Manager
tysinsh	clematis	1	No specific role
tzimanchun	insecticida	1	No specific role
tzis	winsmledit	1	No specific role
tzz	cpanplus	0	No specific role
t_benk	libsmtp	1	No specific role
t_chemit	javacurse	1	No specific role
t_chevalier	actionfactory	1	Project Manager
t_inoue	deal	1	No specific role
t_inoue	ffc	1	No specific role
t_inoue	xunicode	1	No specific role
t_magicthize	sshtools	0	Developer
t_schaedler	pldoc	0	No specific role
t_schwinger	boost	0	Developer
u970133	oma-scts	0	No specific role
uberlinuxguy	anjuta	0	Developer
uberto	camelos	1	Project Manager
ubiguchi	nutility	1	No specific role
ubik	brownbag	1	Developer
ubik	ideajbossplugin	1	Developer
ubik42	seymour	1	Developer
ubmatrix-xbrl	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	No specific role
ucapuozzo	xqore	1	Project Manager
ucbmike	csk	0	Developer
ucbmike	resknife	0	Developer
uche	xmldb-org	0	Developer
ucmueller	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
udoborkowski	whereis	1	No specific role
udomueller	phpmywebhosting	1	Project Manager
udo_penner	freeprotocol	1	No specific role
ueno	coderidge	1	No specific role
uhafner	openquasar	0	Developer
uhfadmin	uhf-project	1	No specific role
uisdean	xampl-pp	1	No specific role
ukimi367	jmaths	0	Developer
ulferikson	phpbt	0	Developer
ulflarsen	crossrec	0	All-Hands Person
ulf_wendel	phpdoc	1	No specific role
ulf_wendel	phplib	0	No specific role
ulicht	opframeworks	0	Developer
ulif	cdk	0	Developer
ulim	xforge	0	Developer
ulreib	ajhsqldb	1	Developer
ulrich_fuchs	moon	1	No specific role
ulrikp	amine-platform	0	Developer
ulsa	ivyplugins	1	Project Manager
ulsa	ldaptemplate	1	No specific role
ulsa	springframework	0	Developer
ultimoamore	crudelia	1	Project Manager
ultracat	w-windows	1	No specific role
ultralight32	csopengl	1	No specific role
ultralight32	hypernetdb	1	No specific role
ultralight32	mysqldrivercs	1	No specific role
ulunum	uncleunc	1	Project Manager
uly56	cpptestkit	1	No specific role
ulyssessouza	groovyoneclipse	1	No specific role
umarnizamani	iphysics	1	No specific role
umdenken	oo-widgets	1	No specific role
umeditor	libsnet	1	Project Manager
umite	samproj	1	Unix Admin
umjames	log4cocoa	1	Developer
umjarod	libsnet	1	Developer
ummerfarookn	surviving-bots	0	Developer
umuhk	mano	1	No specific role
um_and_uh	basebuilder	0	Developer
uncleop	libusb	0	Developer
unclouded	rexc	1	No specific role
undees	gpib-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
undees	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
underdark	rclass	1	Project Manager
underdog	beancomponents	1	No specific role
under_score	wotonomy	0	Developer
undoo	lefthand	0	Developer
ungod	mantra	1	Developer
unifex	babel-lib	1	Developer
unimatrix	aspect-perl	1	Developer
universalia	scripting	1	Project Manager
univxasm	tcalc	1	All-Hands Person
unixrat	mathfun	1	No specific role
unixrootadmn	jpreference	1	Developer
unkaggregate	datamtoolbox	1	No specific role
unknown1570	dmd	1	No specific role
unknownguy	service11	1	Developer
unl	cobold	1	Developer
unodgs	upp	1	Developer
unsaved	mx4j	0	Developer
uoirej	autorealm	0	Developer
uotremel	cgnspp	0	Developer
upcase	devpaks	0	Developer
upes	libztl	1	Project Manager
uphaar	moznews	0	All-Hands Person
upoopoo	roger3d	1	No specific role
uppal_s	uthread	1	No specific role
uramisten	jpivot	0	No specific role
urmeli	lzo-net	1	No specific role
urooj	uwin	1	No specific role
ursusmaximus	decision	1	No specific role
uruz	nproject	0	Developer
urzuga	boost	0	Developer
usander	elj	1	No specific role
usankhla	multitreemap	0	Developer
uschaefer_	cscache	1	No specific role
uschok	libbsl	1	No specific role
uschuster	jcl	0	Developer
uschuster	jvcl	0	Developer
uscompsa	progress2xls	0	Developer
useevil	monkeywrench	0	No specific role
usefulthings	jsimplex	1	Project Manager
useless	palm-linux	0	No specific role
uselesspython	webtester	0	Web Designer
user57	bliss	1	All-Hands Person
useresa	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
usha	mp3apollo	0	Developer
uskola	formps	1	Developer
uskola	zang	0	Developer
usta	gnome-turk	0	All-Hands Person
ut0pia	php-tk	1	No specific role
utelle	wxcode	0	Developer
uuh	de-uuhaus-lisp	1	No specific role
uwefeldtmann	microshare	0	Developer
uwej	log4cpp	0	Developer
uwe_ewald	jgedit	1	No specific role
uzdun	saiws	1	No specific role
uzi	cscope	0	Developer
v1_dhanson	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
v1_pjb	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
v912485	jbpm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vachis	javaprofiler	1	No specific role
vaclavslavik	documancer	1	No specific role
vaclavslavik	libunicows	1	No specific role
vaclavslavik	poedit	1	Developer
vaclavslavik	wxwebkit	0	Developer
vacuum	trilldev	0	Developer
vadimf	jeasy-do	1	Developer
vadvarju	xoops	0	Distributor/Promoter
vagul	zlib-ada	1	No specific role
vag_liv	ai-standards	0	No specific role
vaibhav_ran	parc	0	Developer
vailaya	csbi	0	Developer
vailtom	xbase-dev	1	No specific role
vairux	vairux-ego	1	No specific role
valcas	testpilot	1	No specific role
valcilon	xoopsbr	1	Project Manager
valcilon	xoopscafe	1	Project Manager
valdarez	taskit	1	Project Manager
valeriy_p	struts-jdo	1	All-Hands Person
valery_b	xradar	0	No specific role
valikov	xml-transform	1	No specific role
valiot	ogpm	1	Project Manager
valiot	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
valnarus	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
vamirbekyan	digi	0	Developer
vamp201	ajax	1	No specific role
vamp201	luxor-contrib	1	No specific role
vamp201	luxor-xul	1	No specific role
vamp201	petra	1	No specific role
vamp201	rachel	1	No specific role
vamp201	twist	1	No specific role
vamp201	xul	1	No specific role
vampiera	legacytcl	1	Project Manager
vampire0	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
vampire0	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
vampiricdread	runesword	1	Project Manager
vampirsergio	burner	1	No specific role
vamsi_ram	ndal	0	Developer
vana	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
vanbaal	crm114	1	Developer
vandango	monopad	1	No specific role
vanlindholm	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
vanmer	php-yacs	1	Developer
vanniand	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
vannyn	edumips64	0	Developer
vanrein	libsrv	1	No specific role
vanug	webise	0	Developer
vanza	jedit	0	Developer
vapier	freestdf	1	No specific role
vapier	ltp	0	Developer
vapour	osdb	0	Developer
varayacantuaria	sundowner	0	Developer
varchar	xaraya	1	Developer
vardhan84	miset	0	No specific role
varomix	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
varsted	webdialog	1	No specific role
varungupta	dbiq	1	Developer
vasek	teng	1	Project Manager
vashorin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
vasilevs	ani2d	1	Developer
vasiljevic	ttrace	1	No specific role
vauclair	ejp	1	No specific role
vaugula	subethaclipse	1	No specific role
vawjr	boost	0	Tester
vazz	solareclipse	0	Developer
vbali	dotsynce	1	No specific role
vbelani	amazinghms	1	No specific role
vboctor	doxbar	0	Developer
vboctor	mantisbt	1	Project Manager
vbontoux	iwroot	0	Developer
vbossica	junit	0	Developer
vbossica	junit-addons	1	Project Manager
vchan	codev	0	Developer
vchepurnov	hippopotam	1	Developer
vcm	jdirdiff	1	No specific role
vcorp	vcorplcd	1	No specific role
vdbuyss	smile	0	Developer
vdeepakkumar	daffodilnet	1	No specific role
vdeepakkumar	favalias	0	No specific role
vectortangent	bulwinkle	1	No specific role
vee2d2	arbiter	0	Developer
veins	sklibrary	1	Developer
vektor	elfembed	1	Developer
velco	unwind	1	No specific role
velo_br	menta-ide	1	No specific role
veltzer	sgmltools-lite	0	Developer
venkatprakash	parc	0	Developer
venky11	utplsql	0	Developer
venndigram	skinner	1	No specific role
venten	rhaco	0	No specific role
venturimi	agentejade	1	No specific role
ventz	mail2ipod	1	No specific role
venussoftop	codebook	0	Developer
verdesci	webleaf	1	No specific role
verhaegs	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
verhagent	java-arg-val	1	No specific role
vermavee	c4m	1	All-Hands Person
vernhout	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
vernons	fddtools	1	Project Manager
versat1474	genadonet	1	No specific role
versu	disposition	0	No specific role
verticaltier	winguitest	0	Developer
vertleyb	boost	0	Developer
vertleyb	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
vesa_karvonen	cpp-unit	1	No specific role
vesa_karvonen	javautils	1	Developer
vesa_karvonen	metricsanalyzer	1	No specific role
vestdam	elucidator	1	No specific role
vestrial	jfcfixtures	0	Developer
vetalix	unihighlighter	1	No specific role
vfelberg	jeceira	1	Developer
vfursov	jedimath	0	No specific role
vg103	mymomsboat	1	No specific role
vg103	xtestsuite	1	No specific role
vhex	faerion	1	Project Manager
vhokstad	epp-rtk	0	Developer
viacoban	zamolxis	1	No specific role
vibhu_s	arch4j	1	Developer
vicc	basicportal	0	Project Manager
vicentealencar	debiancell	0	Developer
vico_27	freespeech	0	Developer
victoor	xmlcomparator	1	No specific role
victor7k	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
victormaoh	prograde	0	Developer
victormote	axsl	1	Project Manager
victorzhuromsky	xoops	0	Developer
victor_gil	wxcode	0	Developer
vic_mx	port21	1	No specific role
vidyaiyer	carbonado	0	Developer
vidyra	openprintassist	1	Developer
viech	xrml	1	Web Designer
viernes_	facturalux	0	Developer
viet	tigre	1	Developer
viet	websignoff	1	Project Manager
vietor	tsplus	1	No specific role
viglius	win32objc	1	No specific role
vii	usb-robot	1	No specific role
vijayaraghavank	j2uml	1	No specific role
vijoy	lanmanwiki	0	Support Technician
vikram_nanda	uuu	0	Developer
vilbara	simfony	1	No specific role
vilbara	sovt	1	No specific role
vilivar	pyprc	0	Web Designer
villandry	uuu	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ville.solarius	gnusim8085	0	Web Designer
villeingman	millstone	0	Developer
villoks	oslc	1	Project Manager
vilmar	eimp	0	Developer
vince74	wxidle	0	Web Designer
vincekazuya	cobox	1	Project Manager
vincent-richard	vmime	1	No specific role
vincentp	fltk	0	Developer
vindaci	freegetopt	1	No specific role
vinick	qt1l	0	Developer
vinodkiran	jedit	0	No specific role
vinyvat	midea	1	No specific role
viperb0y	bin2cpp	1	No specific role
vipul_sagare	microjavadallas	0	Developer
virtex	libdate	1	No specific role
virtual4ever	scripting	0	Tester
virtualcasino	clawlib	0	Developer
virtualjay	camtrivia	1	Developer
virtualmice	phpeclipse	1	Doc Writer
visavis2k	jakarta-k	0	Developer
viscix	whuffie	1	No specific role
vishakha	lfc	0	Developer
vishal_kochhar	oaklib	1	No specific role
visharp	jakarta-k	0	Developer
vishnu	gstreamer	0	No specific role
vishnu_pillai	template-lang	1	No specific role
visitor	asm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
visitor	bayonne	0	Developer
visusnet	covi	1	No specific role
vitali42	oma-scts	0	Developer
vitaut	vtemm	1	No specific role
vitorrubio	gbboleto	0	Developer
vittek	sglib	1	No specific role
vivash	piy	1	All-Hands Person
vivekjoshi	flens	0	Developer
vivek_spike	appupdatewiz	1	No specific role
vivia	agentacademy	0	Developer
vividev	wireframetool	0	Developer
vizion00	pword	0	Tester
vjoel	redshift	1	Developer
vkbalamurali	gdapi	0	Developer
vklein	console-colors	1	No specific role
vksharma	win32cpp	1	No specific role
vktr	libtour	1	No specific role
vladeck	icg	1	Developer
vladimir	mmixmasters	1	Project Manager
vladimir_prus	boost	0	Developer
vlads	microemulator	1	No specific role
vladsfl	gdapi	0	Developer
vlad_centea	fvs	0	Developer
vlc	antzwarz	1	No specific role
vlc	mbasic	1	No specific role
vleeuwen	groove	0	Developer
vlg	libassa	1	No specific role
vljubovic	ede	1	All-Hands Person
vlm	libstrfunc	1	No specific role
vlm	ncnf	1	No specific role
vlx	vlx	1	No specific role
vl_o	occsketcher	1	No specific role
vmarchese	jawflow	1	No specific role
vmassol	j2eeunit	1	No specific role
vmassol	junitbook	1	No specific role
vmassol	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
vmassol	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
vmedina	ikirux	1	No specific role
vmitov	grinder	0	Developer
vmo	vile	1	Project Manager
vmontalv	ogrejuggler	1	No specific role
vmvassiliev	internetdirect	0	Developer
vnesek	iim4j	1	No specific role
vng1	vtnprevayler	1	No specific role
vnryabin	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
vofka	ierror	1	Developer
vog	voji	1	Developer
vogelsp	ses-ppts	1	Developer
voicent	phone-survey	1	No specific role
voidoo	scim	0	Developer
void_de	install-toolkit	1	Project Manager
voinovpa	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
voins	colorifer	0	Developer
voins	ndk-xx	0	Developer
voisine	ezxml	1	No specific role
voldengen	wireframetool	0	Developer
volker_reichel	celldb	0	Developer
volknix	strg-c	1	No specific role
voll	xaraya	1	Developer
voloda	raklib	1	No specific role
volodimir	eibcontrol	1	Developer
volodya	canonscanner	1	No specific role
vomlehn	safeunits	1	No specific role
vonarnim	vainstall	1	Developer
voostind	eclipselib	0	No specific role
vor0nwe	mailburrower	1	All-Hands Person
vorlath	csregex	1	No specific role
voronkov	freeform	1	Developer
voronkov	ntl	1	Developer
vortex571	kodigo	0	Developer
vortic	vcf	0	Developer
vossie	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
vouchcac	freewin	0	No specific role
vouillon	libre	1	No specific role
voxik	tpvplanit	0	Developer
vpassapera	dynamic-engine	1	No specific role
vpense	regexplorer	0	No specific role
vpiattelli	smoothcopy	1	Project Manager
vpoulain	shlublulib	1	Project Manager
vputz	yaktest	1	Project Manager
vputz	yaktrack	1	No specific role
vpvaidya	hammurapi	0	No specific role
vr-anders	alpp	1	Developer
vraalsen	coras	1	Developer
vrandezo	xml4ada95	1	No specific role
vraravam	jfcunit	1	Developer
vraravam	junitrunner	1	Developer
vraravam	swtunit	1	No specific role
vrecion	ixedit	1	No specific role
vrecion	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
vrehorst	klibs	0	No specific role
vrinda	cosf	0	Developer
vrruiz	templage	1	No specific role
vrusu	txt2xml	1	Project Manager
vshaykev	ilabs	1	Developer
vsheffer	loadsim	1	No specific role
vsima	gotjava	0	Developer
vslovnyk	pere	1	All-Hands Person
vsonerud	xradar	0	Developer
vspader	zycode	1	No specific role
vsprog	clear-box	0	Developer
vsprog	thespg	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vss	libstrfunc	0	Developer
vstepanov78	alllib	1	No specific role
vtamara	manta	1	Developer
vtbhoher	notes2	0	Developer
vtom	raftnet	1	Developer
vtoroman	dusa	1	No specific role
vtt	jukebox4	1	No specific role
vulgrin	nplanner	1	No specific role
vulture-	uuu	0	Developer
vuthi	almsuite	1	Project Manager
vutunglam	x-frameanalyzer	1	Project Manager
vuud	vbdoc	1	Project Manager
vvinnie	zclipse	0	Developer
vyee	digi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vyersta	parcels	1	Developer
vyzo	jacomma	1	No specific role
vzheiska	omtoolbox	0	Developer
w-molloy	stdnet	1	No specific role
w1nma1n	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
w1nma1n	smart-library	0	No specific role
w3seek	cpptoccmt	1	No specific role
w4z004	formps	1	All-Hands Person
w4z004	xoops	0	Tester
w4z004	zang	1	Project Manager
waaghman	swift-engine	1	No specific role
wackynet	scb	1	Project Manager
wadg	config-inifiles	1	Project Manager
wadimoff	eibcontrol	0	Developer
wadsworth	nfit	0	Developer
waffel	log4cpp	1	Project Manager
wagner	g2	1	No specific role
wagner83104	epb4php	1	No specific role
wagner83104	struts4php	1	Project Manager
wagnerpj	osdb	0	Developer
wagnerr2	molaepipe	1	No specific role
waimingh	elj-win32	0	No specific role
wakamikaze	revelationp	1	Developer
walito	freewin	0	No specific role
walkabout	xmldb-org	1	No specific role
wall_m	rpy	1	Developer
walsleben	phpeclipse	1	Developer
walterneto	free4project	1	Project Manager
walther_jeppe	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
wanderingwalrus	aft	0	No specific role
wander_lairson	pyusb	1	No specific role
wangmj99	elixre	0	Developer
wangtl	jetif	0	Developer
wangyuanyi	kilter	1	Project Manager
wap-de	hashtree	1	No specific role
ward99	aeclients	1	Project Manager
wardcunningham	fit	1	No specific role
wardcunningham	nfit	0	All-Hands Person
warezio	gsk	0	No specific role
warlock00	tailforwin32	0	Developer
warlock24	wxeclipse	1	No specific role
warlocke	codename-alex	0	Developer
warlok	crossrec	0	Developer
warmachine	delphi-coll	1	No specific role
warmenhoven	gtkimhtml	1	Project Manager
warnal	xmlpullparser	0	Developer
warnes	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
warnes	rpy	1	Project Manager
warnes	statdistlib	1	No specific role
warrenking	kamaelia	0	No specific role
warrenm	mx4j	0	Developer
wasinee	xmlio	0	Developer
wasteland	cdx	0	Developer
waterbug	kerama	1	Developer
watkid	springui-ext	1	No specific role
watsonmw	rubyqt	1	No specific role
waynebaswell	patterntesting	0	No specific role
wayned	librsync	1	Developer
wayned	rbmake	1	No specific role
waynewolfe	vlx	0	No specific role
wbd	scintilla	0	Developer
wbeebe	prj-champollion	1	No specific role
wbiggs	xorm	1	All-Hands Person
wbleek	jfreeprofcenter	0	Developer
wboelen	secureinstaller	0	Developer
wbrandes	wabajump	0	Developer
wburdick	ober	1	No specific role
wc2so1	roundup	0	Developer
wca	openpackages	1	Developer
wcaputo	netreflector	0	Developer
wcaputo	spunit	1	No specific role
wcherry69	javaworkflow	1	No specific role
wcmcgr01	delphinet	0	Developer
wdaher	libgmail	0	No specific role
wdsgoe	junitpp	1	No specific role
wduminy	sixemell	1	No specific role
weakestlink	big-brother	1	No specific role
weakestlink	jpolls	1	All-Hands Person
weakestlink	struts	0	Developer
weaver	sdldoc	0	No specific role
webaholic	jdirectory	1	No specific role
webarthur	mydbadmin	1	No specific role
webdevguy1	chiphpug	0	Developer
weberdamasio	fortesreport	0	Developer
webfm	xoops	0	Developer
webgroupmedia	cerberus-kb	1	No specific role
webguide	phpftp-net	1	Developer
webheld	pdk	0	Developer
webhiker	qat	1	Project Manager
webmailfx	xoops	0	Developer
webmastermelayu	oo-l10n-my	1	Unix Admin
webot	ovhapi	1	No specific role
websnarf	bstring	1	No specific role
websoftcomp	websoftcomp	1	No specific role
webyrd	kanren	0	Developer
web_seb	mase	0	No specific role
weconsultants	phpeclipse	0	No specific role
wedge-antilles	librandom	1	No specific role
wednesday	jtags	1	No specific role
wedoi	oas	1	No specific role
weerasak	umlvm	1	No specific role
wegner	cdk	0	Developer
wegner	joelib	1	Project Manager
weha_su	ogl-lib	1	Developer
weidlix	pushex	1	Developer
weierophinney	librox-perl	1	No specific role
weiju	deploygui	1	Developer
weiqj	opentheme	1	No specific role
weirdpanda	jbarcode-scan	1	No specific role
weizhuo	prado	1	Developer
welch	expect	0	No specific role
wellard	mp3apollo	0	No specific role
wellenc9z	dets	1	Developer
wellhausen	genuine	1	No specific role
wellings	struts	0	Developer
welshleo	inspace	1	No specific role
welvis_douglas	fortesreport	0	Developer
wemmick	digi	1	Project Manager
wendellgu	xmlengine	1	No specific role
wendelmaques	corps	1	Developer
wengwei	gtkwrapper	1	Developer
wenig17	tclcompress	1	No specific role
wensong	olstrans	0	No specific role
wenzelc1980	syspect	0	Developer
wep	zztpp	1	No specific role
werdnagreb	jquery	1	Project Manager
werken	dom4j	1	Developer
werken	drools	1	No specific role
werken	jaxen	1	Developer
werken	saxpath	1	Developer
werken	werken-opt	1	No specific role
werken	werken-xpath	1	Project Manager
wernerfragner	fsbrowser	1	No specific role
werner_krauss	phpeclipse	0	Tester
wes32980	codename-alex	0	Doc Writer
wescraig	libsnet	1	Developer
weseldrdge	realismx-engine	0	Web Designer
wesker1972	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
wesley_bailey	feynman	1	No specific role
wessorh	epp-rtk	0	Developer
westajay	timeandmoney	0	Doc Writer
westbay	icon-collection	1	No specific role
westbay	vainstall	0	Developer
westheide	opframeworks	0	Developer
wetacvs	weta	0	Developer
wez	libssh2	0	Developer
wezzy2k	pixide	1	No specific role
wfranzini	aegis	0	Developer
wfro	openmdx	1	Project Manager
wfzelle	pmd	0	Developer
wgehner	basicportal	0	No specific role
wgshim	bugzilla-kr	1	No specific role
wgthom	springframework	0	Developer
whala	bugzillanet	0	Developer
whales2134	svnreports	1	No specific role
whalfond	insectj	0	Developer
whee	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
wheeler	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
wheijke	mmapps	1	Developer
whitten	cpw	1	No specific role
whitten	omega	1	No specific role
whitten	pdkb	1	No specific role
whitti	mortik	1	No specific role
whitwareinc	ebookman-sdk	1	No specific role
whity	directsql	1	Project Manager
whkchung	cme	1	No specific role
wholzhammer	egovtyrol	0	Developer
whosyrdaddy	tpapro	0	No specific role
whschultz	wxcode	0	Developer
whurley	jrobin	1	Project Manager
why	webise	1	No specific role
wibrahim	greenfinch	0	Developer
wickedsmoke	esdl	0	Developer
wickedsmoke	wsrebol	1	No specific role
wickel	ltilib	0	Developer
wickusmartin	gcomp	1	No specific role
wiedkla	jsesoft-mmbi	1	No specific role
wiegerwesselink	voicecode	0	Developer
wielaard	oje	0	No specific role
wiering	cleangl	1	No specific role
wiesi1	jride	1	Developer
wigleys	grove4j	0	Developer
wij2	libwx	1	No specific role
wiktor	graphil	1	Developer
wilbur-website	wilbur-rdf	1	No specific role
wilbur_whatley	runesword	0	Developer
wiley-hacker	jmantools	1	No specific role
wiley16	jhotdraw	0	Developer
wilhelmi	pvm-plus-plus	1	Project Manager
wiljohnson	elixre	1	Developer
wilko	ttftp	1	All-Hands Person
willemaster	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
willgorman	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
william	libtabe	0	No specific role
williamkeehn	metrics	0	Developer
williams_jt	myjavapack	1	No specific role
williamt	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
willievu	jelly-httpunit	1	No specific role
willkommers	epb4php	0	Developer
willkommers	struts4php	1	No specific role
willluc	epptt	1	Project Manager
willum	cleanux	1	Developer
will_mason	gizmos	1	All-Hands Person
will_mason	objectivelib	1	No specific role
wilmesj	bpe	1	No specific role
wilow	csharped	1	No specific role
wilsondotnet	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
wilsond_msft	nteam	0	No specific role
wilzo1	pipe2	1	Project Manager
wimlepage	jedit	0	No specific role
wimpi	singeltonpool	0	Analysis / Design
windev	windev-stock	1	Project Manager
wingbyte	gtwain	1	No specific role
wingo	gstreamer	0	No specific role
winjer	oftc	0	Developer
winkj	xpmt	1	Developer
winniethepooh	sofaa	0	Project Manager
winprog	daffodilnet	0	Developer
wip	fury2	0	Tester
wip	ika	0	Developer
wiredduns	zipios	0	Developer
wired_gr	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
wiseguy586	orpg2k	1	No specific role
wistuba	jbanana	0	Developer
witmate	log4j2me	1	No specific role
witness	resknife	1	Developer
witt	boost	0	Developer
wittenberg	interval	1	Developer
witzeldev	abxlib	1	No specific role
wizardjagon	validator	1	No specific role
wizardstorm	pdkb	0	Developer
wizatt	umlsculptor	0	No specific role
wizdom	megazeux	1	Web Designer
wizzent	datechooser	1	No specific role
wizzrobe	cadkit	0	Developer
wizzupsrl	scarsrl	0	No specific role
wjadams	javasvnupdater	1	No specific role
wjbaird	cidc	1	No specific role
wjbeksi	scim	0	Developer
wjsuijle	wxhaskell	0	Developer
wjue	ziling	1	No specific role
wkeese	aft	0	Developer
wkharold	mx4j	0	Developer
wklaas	jmeasurement2	1	No specific role
wkokke	tu-testbed	0	Developer
wkonkel	prado	0	Developer
wlievens	kaylo	1	Project Manager
wlovett	scriptorium	1	No specific role
wlthomas	ddi-alliance	0	No specific role
wmaguire	wui	1	No specific role
wmhegarty	ipony	1	Project Manager
wmitsuda	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
wmormar	freewin	0	No specific role
wmschott	activegrid	0	No specific role
wmtuen	scim	0	Developer
wm_create	foxserv	0	No specific role
wneat	fvs	0	Developer
wnewman	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
wnman2000	x3p	1	No specific role
wodge	asptemplate	0	Developer
wodge	delphinet	0	Developer
woeye	struts	0	Developer
wohleb	zsrep	0	Developer
woigl	cpphelperlib	1	No specific role
wojdyla	timeplaner	1	No specific role
wolfc	nioext	1	All-Hands Person
wolfclan	sdlmerlin	1	No specific role
wolfftw	dom4j	0	Developer
wollej	jcoverage	1	No specific role
woltersa	aseclipseplugin	0	All-Hands Person
wom-work	boost	0	Developer
wonarheim	arch4j	0	Developer
wonco	log4cocoa	1	Developer
wonka	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
woobster	rlib	1	Project Manager
wood_j	sctl	1	No specific role
woof497	scarsrl	0	No specific role
wookie	lbs	0	Project Manager
wordtech	tk-components	1	No specific role
workerant	ssobjects	1	No specific role
worldmaker	golddotnet	1	No specific role
wortony	id-validate	0	Developer
wounded	alink2	0	Developer
woutervdberg	impi	0	Developer
woutervdberg	pbof	0	Developer
woutthere	dockingform	1	No specific role
wowa	bigloo-lib	1	No specific role
wowo101	jsf-spring	0	Distributor/Promoter
woyle	x-pipe	1	No specific role
woz1010	gtengine	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
wpausch	swifu	1	No specific role
wphule	runesword	0	Developer
wpostma	delphimodbus	0	Developer
wpostma	jvcl	0	Developer
wpugh	findbugs	1	No specific role
wr0ngway	sunshade	1	No specific role
wrakocy	xteamworks	1	Developer
wrappersrood	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
wraym	jriva	1	No specific role
wreissen	bugbase	1	No specific role
wrhodes3	no-sod	0	Doc Writer
wrobell	happydoc	0	No specific role
wroth	net-freedb	0	Developer
wrpddx	corps	1	Developer
wrxzzj	scanalyst	1	No specific role
wsargent	mockobjects	0	Developer
wsb56	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
wschlegel	load4j	1	No specific role
wschuler	monsterapi	1	Project Manager
wshin	admiral	1	Project Manager
wsjradha	triveni	1	Developer
wsonic	ultim	0	Developer
wspace	wspace	1	No specific role
wstokes	transgl	1	Developer
wsuchewie	cadkit	1	Developer
wsy	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
wtay	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
wtblanchard	chiphpug	0	Developer
wte	errorsystem	0	Developer
wte	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
wtoddl	utplsql	0	No specific role
wtravel	xoops	0	Developer
wturkal	uml	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
wubo	jsedit	1	No specific role
wudicgi	php-rpc	0	Project Manager
wulff_dk	xoops	0	Developer
wursterj	talks2	1	No specific role
wutka	dtdparser	1	No specific role
wvdgoor	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
wwaites	bayonne	0	Developer
wwccss	bugfree	1	Project Manager
wwwsq	financialbase	1	No specific role
wxnetadmin	wxnet	0	No specific role
wycc	perlcomposer	1	Developer
wyldebeast	servlettesting	1	No specific role
wyldfire	dom4j	0	No specific role
wynder	whisper3	0	Developer
wynholds	carbonfive	1	No specific role
wyo	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
wyo	wxcode	1	Project Manager
wyo	wxguide	1	No specific role
wyrkeel	sklibrary	1	No specific role
wyszkowski	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
wyvernqueue	finf	1	Project Manager
wza	codename-alex	1	Project Manager
wza	easyuo-contkind	1	Project Manager
w_ready99	jwizardcmponent	1	No specific role
x-laes	asmcrew	1	Developer
x-laes	uuu	0	Developer
x10gimli	agiletrack	1	No specific role
x3r0r	alibc	1	No specific role
xaghash	zig-project	1	No specific role
xagon7	torqueide	0	Developer
xah	zaubertrank	0	No specific role
xalgo	xalgo	1	Developer
xarayageek	xaraya	1	Developer
xardas82	scb	0	Developer
xark	sdldoc	0	No specific role
xaviergonz	alleg	0	Developer
xavipr	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
xayam	delphito	1	No specific role
xb70	spacecraft	0	Developer
xcalibre	myphpnuke	0	Developer
xcastle	opengc	0	Developer
xcut	jaxen	0	Developer
xdegaye	clewn	1	Project Manager
xdesigner	linecount	1	No specific role
xdoc	impression	1	Project Manager
xeemz	gameblade	0	Developer
xend	xoops	0	No specific role
xengren	heliominitutor	1	No specific role
xengren	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
xeno42	phpxref	1	No specific role
xentac	escot	1	Developer
xentac	giotto	1	Developer
xentac	triassic	1	Developer
xentac	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
xeonx	realmforge	1	Project Manager
xeon_vl	xoops	0	Developer
xero2004	xinstall	0	Analysis / Design
xertoz	xsqlapi	1	No specific role
xet	doxygen	0	Developer
xeus_man	bottomline	1	No specific role
xeus_man	jcloader	1	No specific role
xeus_man	xdatagrid	1	No specific role
xevol	sagelib	1	No specific role
xexuxjy	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
xfce	dbh	0	Developer
xfire	spork	0	No specific role
xfollower	libgmail	1	No specific role
xfred	compbench	1	No specific role
xgcssch	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Developer
xgeoff	domwrapper	1	No specific role
xiam	gekkoware	1	Project Manager
xiaofeng_li	orp	0	Developer
xiaohaihua	jisue	1	No specific role
xiaomj	viex	1	No specific role
xiaotaow	tcludp	1	Project Manager
xiaowen	msi-repackaging	1	No specific role
xiaoxin	openusb	0	Developer
xinhua123	uced	0	No specific role
xiphoris	drjava	0	Developer
xitnalta	xcms	1	No specific role
xjeren	hibasic	1	No specific role
xkr47	ppf	0	Developer
xkr47	queried	0	Developer
xladage	spyse	0	Developer
xlv	pmd	0	Developer
xmasterx	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
xmevs	makeasy	1	No specific role
xnannox	visualsai	0	Developer
xob	eobsystem	1	Developer
xoconnick	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
xoltar	xoltar-toolkit	1	No specific role
xoopsmods	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
xor74	dr-hiss	1	All-Hands Person
xored	hawk	1	No specific role
xos_seraf	extensibleos	1	No specific role
xparanoidj	libqxt	1	Project Manager
xpert2	jakarta-k	0	Developer
xpl2	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
xpmstos	wxcode	0	All-Hands Person
xpxqx	fltk	0	Developer
xpxqx	vtkcontainers	1	No specific role
xpxqx	vtkextensions	1	No specific role
xpxqx	vtkfltk	1	Project Manager
xquark	jedimath	0	No specific role
xqxq	xqdraw	1	No specific role
xrmaster	doxychecker	1	No specific role
xsarinx	chaosengine	1	Web Designer
xsc02	pipe2	1	Developer
xsdnyd	xsdnyd	1	No specific role
xshaolin	lmappletserver	1	Project Manager
xshi2	orp	0	Developer
xstarter	visualsynapse	0	Developer
xsynackx	numcv	1	No specific role
xthefull	freewin	0	No specific role
xthefull	t-gtk	1	Project Manager
xtmouse	disphelper	1	No specific role
xtreamer	defectcontrol	1	Developer
xtrnmst	open-arm	1	All-Hands Person
xuehua_xm	npsnetv	0	Developer
xuelingshu	mase	0	Developer
xuesongj	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
xup14936	delphiwab	1	No specific role
xuric	lainos	0	Support Manager
xwarzee	patterntesting	0	Developer
xwei	gcsf	1	Developer
xycuervo	neonate	0	Support Manager
xyombie	jnf	1	No specific role
yabba	adtools	1	Developer
yabba	nlist-classes	0	Developer
yackimoff	ispp	1	Developer
yafd	jedit	0	No specific role
yagel	fastform	1	Project Manager
yahoo_sm	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
yakovsh	regxmaker	1	Project Manager
yakovsh	singlesub	1	No specific role
yalnifj	gdbi	0	Developer
yamp	mp-plugins	0	Developer
yang_song_shan	deviceadmin	1	No specific role
yanhwang	fddtools	1	Developer
yanii	omniproject	1	No specific role
yannismurguet	joffad	0	Developer
yannperier	oma-scts	0	Developer
yanyanshen	letk	1	No specific role
yapar	ai-standards	0	No specific role
yavarin	weta	0	Developer
yawnsoftware	csdl	1	No specific role
yayo75	pxw4pa	1	No specific role
yayo75	trashy	1	No specific role
yaztromo	sjs	1	No specific role
yazybones	springnet	0	No specific role
ybando	scim	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
yccheok	joone	0	Developer
ydaye	ytl	1	No specific role
ydeydier	elips	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ydna	worklog	1	No specific role
yduchesne	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
yebo	libsmtp	0	No specific role
yecai_lai	lai-dictionary	1	No specific role
yedidia	jtt	1	No specific role
yeekee	dom4j	0	Developer
yegong	yajil	1	Project Manager
yellowsheep	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
yenorom	augui	0	Developer
yeouda	eclauncher	1	Project Manager
yeseop	glgui	0	Developer
yetifoot	fimage	1	Project Manager
yetifoot	upxer	1	Project Manager
yevgenys	utm	1	No specific role
yew4u	buddhism	0	No specific role
yeyi	kodigo	1	No specific role
yeyopepe	yeyokmlapi	1	No specific role
yg2f	isl	1	All-Hands Person
yig_yig6	hx-p	0	No specific role
yildiray	agentacademy	0	Developer
yildiray	metu-ihe-atna	1	No specific role
yildiray	metu-ihe-pix	1	No specific role
yildiray	rideproject	1	No specific role
yildirim	ai-standards	0	No specific role
yinming528	acassist	1	No specific role
yippi	gstreamer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
yirin	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
yizha	jaccessmngr	0	Developer
yjoan	qat	0	Developer
ylarrivee	xoops	0	Developer
yleung	digi	0	No specific role
yljia	acfproj	1	No specific role
ymanma	libox	1	No specific role
ymchoi	w-windows	1	No specific role
ymenager	jgconfig	1	No specific role
ymoussa	sapia	0	Developer
yobiz	xsdf	1	No specific role
yoda22281	psjavalibrary	1	No specific role
yoda22281	psretprojects	1	No specific role
yogi_cpp	xrml	1	Developer
yohan-orb	orbaddons	1	No specific role
yomgui	amigtk	1	No specific role
yonas_jongkind	rdftwig	0	Developer
yongjiaw	soar	0	Developer
yongquan	cdk	0	Developer
yoonkit	csopf	1	Project Manager
yorek	regextest	1	No specific role
yorevs	uml4j	0	Developer
yori	camomile	1	No specific role
yori	ocaml-lib	0	No specific role
yoshibou	optionzero	0	Developer
yoshigoya	teststudio	1	No specific role
yotamabramson	camellia	0	Developer
youngde	lisa	1	Project Manager
youngm	velcro	1	Developer
yourdarkside	firoz	1	No specific role
yourgod	webapp	1	No specific role
youri_ch	btp	0	Developer
your_persona	freeallegiance	0	No specific role
youvnor	pechy	1	No specific role
youyounet	databean	1	No specific role
yoxallj	jequals	1	No specific role
yoxel	yoxel	1	No specific role
yoya	coderidge	1	Developer
yoyo2021	xoops	0	Developer
yozara	bcbboost	0	Developer
yozefg	thinking-forth	0	Developer
ypeeters	cooleclipse	1	Developer
yppflakrymzk	widestudio	0	Developer
yrakitin	phantom-common	0	Developer
yrashk	camomile	0	Developer
yrashk	cplusplus	0	No specific role
yrlec	daboss	1	Developer
yruan2	dom4j	0	Developer
ysbeer	benepat	1	No specific role
yshurik	quantaplus	1	Project Manager
ysnakano	suma	1	No specific role
ytcheung	log4cpp	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ytztech	freeworkgroup	1	No specific role
ytztech	sqlalphp	1	No specific role
yuan_hang	cyton	1	Project Manager
yukiikyuta	libsairyx	1	No specific role
yurand	pyxrandr	1	No specific role
yurixz	reusecenter	0	No specific role
yuriyb	ormyx	1	No specific role
yuri_b	gobjects	1	No specific role
yuri_b	owlnext	1	No specific role
yuri_tsoy	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
yussef	dotlucene	0	No specific role
yuvalo	saxbench	1	No specific role
yuvalsapir	jdigger	1	Developer
yuvilio	phpeclipse	0	Developer
yuxiaoxu	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
yuyou	xswt	0	Developer
yvesb	tinyxml	0	No specific role
yvesb	tinyxpath	1	Project Manager
ywang225	vcf	0	Developer
yxk	openemcee	0	No specific role
yygw	cnwizards	1	Project Manager
yygw	cvstracnt	1	No specific role
yz237	cdk	0	Developer
yzhuang	fault-injection	0	Developer
z0ra	gridarta	0	Developer
zaak	parsnip	1	No specific role
zaarek2113	elixre	0	Developer
zacaster	sami	0	No specific role
zagnar	jprogect	0	Developer
zagor	cdjlib	1	Unix Admin
zaheed	hambo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
zahidbd	banglalinux	0	Developer
zak147	gstreamer	0	Developer
zakame	dispatcher	0	Developer
zaks	sforce	0	Developer
zalthar	oo3dengine	1	Project Manager
zampire	python-xlib	1	No specific role
zampire	xmlmacro	1	No specific role
zanatoly	isqlreport	1	No specific role
zander76	emotion	1	No specific role
zano	burner	0	Developer
zantvoort	beanlet	1	No specific role
zantvoort	jarcraft	1	No specific role
zaphod_bee4	bricklayer-perl	1	No specific role
zapodot	jpivot	0	No specific role
zappa2	ideproject	1	Developer
zappo	cedet	1	No specific role
zappo	ecb	0	Developer
zardozwildman	reliquary	1	Project Manager
zarella	xmlp	0	Developer
zaskar_	alifecontest	1	No specific role
zau	epidoc	0	Developer
zauberertz	mano	0	No specific role
zaufi	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
zauju	libframegrabber	1	No specific role
zavatt	loomthread	1	Developer
zaxus	codemetrics	1	No specific role
zay	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
zbenjamin	vbisam	0	Developer
zbir	pyobjc	0	No specific role
zbiru	phplib	0	Developer
zbox	esiobjects	0	Developer
zc2	xtrans	1	Project Manager
zcsizmadia	xilprg	1	Project Manager
zdawg	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
zdennis	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
zding	gcsf	1	Project Manager
zebdefrar	cjan	1	Developer
zebdefrar	javasysinfo	1	Project Manager
zebons	mp-plugins	0	Developer
zebre007	xeumeuleu	0	Developer
zedl	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
zedpobre	cppopt	1	No specific role
zeekec	tclap	0	Developer
zeevon	olstrans	0	No specific role
zelenkov	wixtrim	1	No specific role
zeller	praktomat	1	Developer
zelphyr	jabberlib	1	No specific role
zelphyr	php4js	1	No specific role
zelphyr	quickcost	1	No specific role
zemartyr	surviving-bots	0	Developer
zendragon	logitest	0	Developer
zenitram	zenlib	1	No specific role
zenon48	jsassertunit	1	No specific role
zenon48	xlog	1	No specific role
zenspider	zenspider-cmp	1	All-Hands Person
zenzen	pytz	1	No specific role
zephyrsoft	quaterback-jcc	0	Developer
zepp555	bossxo	1	Project Manager
zer0wing	napkin42	1	No specific role
zeram	chaosengine	0	Doc Writer
zeronullvoid	xmocx	1	No specific role
zero_dogg	gfsi	1	No specific role
zersenser	phplogfacility	1	No specific role
zethon	dottoc	1	No specific role
zhang	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
zhangjianao	ascol	1	No specific role
zhangkl	nwpu-lanhuahua	1	No specific role
zhangyu010	amberarcher	0	Developer
zhang_2003	delux	0	Developer
zhen-xlogic	zxcorp	1	Developer
zhnt	zhnt	1	No specific role
zhobson	monkeywrench	0	No specific role
zhon	perlunit	1	No specific role
zhuangyy	swat	1	No specific role
zhuchongkai	schematics	0	Developer
zhuo_qiang	cxxgui	0	Developer
ziegenm	mca2	1	Project Manager
zieggy	dbunit	0	Developer
zifnabbe	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
zifnabbe	ocs-comps	0	No specific role
zigfried	absolutex	1	No specific role
zigguratt	py-universe	0	Developer
zijiang91	a-s-m	0	No specific role
zilogger	hammurapi	0	No specific role
zilvester	j-owl	1	No specific role
zincou	guml	1	No specific role
zinzan	phpl7	1	No specific role
zircote	libmcal	1	No specific role
zixia	execready	1	No specific role
zjm	mca2	0	Developer
zkitkat	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
zlinux	eimp	0	Developer
zlosch	avango	1	Developer
zmhu	appfw	1	No specific role
zmichailov	msdk	1	Project Manager
zmieff	jdbf	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
zmn	n30-cms	1	All-Hands Person
zmower	ada-gerbil	1	No specific role
zmyliyu	ajax-dev-lib	1	Project Manager
zn4k	lainos	0	All-Hands Person
znerd	jump-math	1	No specific role
znerd	xmlenc	1	Project Manager
znmeb	stp	0	Developer
zoeloeboeloe	jfontchooser	1	No specific role
zoeloeboeloe	makeajackson	1	No specific role
zoftwarero	ingenias	1	Project Manager
zohar_zi	plyxo	1	No specific role
zoiaonline	fortesreport	0	Tester
zoid-	mulib	0	Developer
zombi	bigyo	1	No specific role
zone	canny	1	Developer
zones	agnes	1	No specific role
zooko	libbase32	1	No specific role
zooko	libzstr	1	No specific role
zooko	libzutil	1	No specific role
zooko	pyutil	1	No specific role
zorainic	ptclanserver	0	Developer
zorak	swtset	1	No specific role
zorder	pyalog	1	No specific role
zoro2	tls	0	Developer
zoullou	xoops	0	Developer
zowie	galacticfront	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
zoxide	developersclub	0	No specific role
zpsenior	java-remoting	1	No specific role
zsdfgtbv	diasce	1	No specific role
zsimic	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
zsozsop	sltw	1	No specific role
zthree	jadex	1	Developer
zthree	vesuf	1	Project Manager
zuboss82	sharppdf	0	Developer
zubow	jedit	0	Developer
zuchman	absolutex	0	No specific role
zuel	eslogger	1	No specific role
zunz	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
zvi	mzgtk	0	No specific role
zvis	ghwt	1	No specific role
zyspec	xoops	0	Developer
zyx321	devsite	1	No specific role
zzrough	anjuta	0	Developer
zzzgggrrr	cdk	0	Developer
