dev_loginname	proj_unixname	is_admin	position
a3dge_mac	a3dge	0	Doc Writer
niunio	a3dge	1	 
kencochrane	a4j	1	 
tom42	a78tools	1	 
lmccay	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
mothyjules	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
rwwallace	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
mlipp	aac-xforms	1	Project Manager
macbishop	aaio	1	 
mantask	aamon	1	 
psoleni	aamon	1	Developer
agathos	aba	1	Project Manager
tobiaseberle	aba	1	Developer
abaguidev1	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
codeshark	abaguibuilder	1	Project Manager
jnfleisc	abat	1	 
paulrosen	abcp	0	 
rdentato	abcp	1	Developer
thistledowne	abcp	1	 
pradox	abcwebclient	1	Developer
flexer	abele	1	 
michelg	abkit	1	 
brunow	abr	1	 
avicalev	absolutex	1	 
avinoam	absolutex	1	 
guyb	absolutex	1	 
krasner	absolutex	1	 
lipatov	absolutex	1	 
oranb	absolutex	1	 
rotem	absolutex	1	 
zigfried	absolutex	1	 
zuchman	absolutex	1	 
justinrudd	abstractadonet	1	 
lennartgr	abstractdb	1	 
ctzurcanu	abstractdb-php	1	 
cpp_programmer	abxlib	0	Developer
neuralx	abxlib	1	Project Manager
witzeldev	abxlib	1	 
gborrelli2006	abyssstudio	1	 
agilejava	acai	0	 
bitiboy	acai	1	 
superbible_cs	acai	1	 
yinming528	acassist	1	 
tony_ambr	accesslib	1	 
nwinkler	accessmodifier	1	Project Manager
pthaz	accessroad	1	 
theplanet	accountguard	1	Developer
rblaze	ace-freebsd	1	All-Hands Person
alexagr	ace-radius	1	 
ksevindik	acegi-ext	1	 
djeeg	aceginet	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
yljia	acfproj	1	 
abrager	acid	0	Developer
ebf	acid	1	Project Manager
jaschau	acid3lib	1	Project Manager
aenarionita	ackronic	1	 
marcmenghin	acmdoc	1	Project Manager
markusplangg	acmdoc	1	Developer
ashishg55	acmgr	1	 
dchang_ca	acmgr	1	Developer
acmx	acmx	1	Developer
a_sauerhoefer	acrypt	1	 
ezequieljadib	acs-nh	1	Developer
gartland	acsf	1	 
angelcode	actb	1	 
p_lafraise	actionfactory	1	Developer
t_chevalier	actionfactory	1	Project Manager
ptoman	actionframework	1	 
nphelps	active-jms	1	Developer
activebpel	activebpel	1	 
activegrid	activegrid	1	All-Hands Person
bethf	activegrid	1	Content Management
geremycohen	activegrid	1	Support Manager
jdhare	activegrid	1	Developer
mattmcnulty	activegrid	1	Developer
psmehta	activegrid	1	Tester
stoens	activegrid	1	Developer
wmschott	activegrid	1	 
ajcompany	activelock	0	 
davidweatherall	activelock	0	Developer
dwains102	activelock	0	Developer
farcasclaudiu	activelock	0	Developer
ialkan	activelock	1	Project Manager
tkuchel	activelock	1	Developer
waltersenekal	activelock	1	Project Manager
akhe	activex	1	Project Manager
tequilaslammer	activexmlr	1	 
floydprice	activexp	1	Project Manager
garyz	activexp	1	 
nrushforth	activexp	1	Project Manager
acti_solutions	activscm	1	 
theglasswalker	actualizer	1	 
zmower	ada-gerbil	1	 
knuthp	ada2gxl	1	 
tsetem	adaparse	1	 
file13	adaprojet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nahaj	adaprojet	1	Project Manager
netstat	adaptivebus	1	 
cminyard	adasl	1	 
dougfort	addanc	1	All-Hands Person
joegriffin	addanc	1	Project Manager
apiou	adgali	1	Project Manager
breadcrust	adjustimg	1	 
moonfann	adkp	1	Developer
wshin	admiral	1	Project Manager
fedbi	adobeflashcs3pr	1	 
blogger	adodbapi	0	Developer
ekelund	adodbapi	1	Project Manager
kf7xm	adodbapi	1	Project Manager
swildermuth	adonetpack	1	 
gldneagl	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
nmarkgraf	adtalgorlibrary	1	 
roundthecorner	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
damato	adtools	1	Project Manager
fta	adtools	1	Doc Writer
gilfanon	adtools	1	Developer
gnikl	adtools	1	Developer
hfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
marcus_c	adtools	1	Developer
michalsc	adtools	1	Developer
nicomen	adtools	1	Developer
obarthel	adtools	1	Developer
offa	adtools	1	Developer
tfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
theantony	adtools	1	Developer
verhaegs	adtools	1	Developer
yabba	adtools	1	Developer
mbass	adurant	1	Developer
timhill	advancedvbrefs	1	 
paninaro	advas	1	 
chcha	advpy	1	 
ward99	aeclients	1	Project Manager
marko_schuetz	aegis	0	Developer
pmiller	aegis	1	 
wfranzini	aegis	1	Developer
ciphersoftware	aeongdk	1	Developer
colsystems	aeongdk	1	Developer
dosbert	aeongdk	1	Developer
joe_programmer	aeongdk	1	Developer
ndavies	aeongdk	1	Project Manager
jeffcamozzi	aep	1	 
aepryus	aeputil	1	 
red0x	aeslib	1	 
agalimberti	afc	1	 
fsoft	afc	1	 
paul_afcommerce	afcommerce	1	Developer
axelchen	afkcfg	1	 
m0rt	afkcfg	1	Developer
afsoft	afphpclasslib	1	 
ivelin	aft	0	 
jeff_turner	aft	1	 
ovidiu	aft	1	 
wanderingwalrus	aft	1	 
wkeese	aft	1	Developer
beders	afterthought	1	Project Manager
hsprabhu	afterthought	1	Developer
armel	afupdevphp	0	Developer
nhoizey	afupdevphp	1	 
ccoquand	agda	1	Developer
ikegamidaisuke	agda	1	Developer
mbenke	agda	1	Developer
miyahara-n	agda	1	Web Designer
n-kato	agda	1	 
p1738j	agda	1	 
t-seino	agda	1	Developer
toons_osgi	age-osgi	1	 
fcristini	agelib	1	 
agent009	agentacademy	0	Tester
asymeon	agentacademy	1	Developer
diok	agentacademy	1	Developer
dtektonidis	agentacademy	1	Tester
evariste_galois	agentacademy	1	Developer
evgobal	agentacademy	1	Tester
felix007	agentacademy	1	Developer
ionathan	agentacademy	1	Developer
kyrcha	agentacademy	1	Tester
rmatech	agentacademy	1	Developer
siyamed	agentacademy	1	Developer
vivia	agentacademy	1	Developer
yildiray	agentacademy	1	Developer
venturimi	agentejade	1	 
finsss	agfupx	1	 
kawesa	agilegear	1	All-Hands Person
x10gimli	agiletrack	1	 
designmuse	agileworkbench	1	 
arntr	agilis	0	 
paulrene	agilis	1	 
chockenberry	agkit	1	 
grnmn	agkit	1	 
pmosimann	agnes	1	Project Manager
zones	agnes	1	 
daviddeharbe	agraphs	1	 
soundx	ahf	1	 
abdennour	ai-standards	0	Developer
ai_giovanni_ia	ai-standards	0	 
alexjc	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
arnokamphuis	ai-standards	0	Developer
athomasgoldberg	ai-standards	0	Developer
axelbuendia	ai-standards	0	Developer
axelrod	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
barbalet	ai-standards	0	Developer
bgeisler	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bimblewooooo	ai-standards	0	Developer
bknafla	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bmagerko	ai-standards	0	 
brian_schwab	ai-standards	0	Developer
clinares	ai-standards	0	Developer
codemonkey_uk	ai-standards	0	Developer
cwreynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
dekosser	ai-standards	0	Developer
dposton	ai-standards	0	Developer
drainboy	ai-standards	0	Developer
dsuttles	ai-standards	0	Developer
dustsettles	ai-standards	0	 
ebeeker	ai-standards	0	Developer
ejcoumans	ai-standards	0	Developer
eldon1660	ai-standards	0	Developer
fb-la-i	ai-standards	0	 
fcs2001	ai-standards	0	Developer
funge	ai-standards	0	Developer
gpaull	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
hmunoz	ai-standards	0	Developer
hugo_ai	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
jakovo	ai-standards	0	 
jdellaro	ai-standards	0	No specific role
jhancock93	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jjkelly	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jjmorrison	ai-standards	0	Developer
john-reynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
john_langford	ai-standards	0	Developer
jorkin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
justinhj	ai-standards	0	 
kolenskim	ai-standards	0	 
kudenko	ai-standards	0	Developer
lglover04	ai-standards	0	Developer
linn	ai-standards	0	Developer
martypoulin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
matbuckland	ai-standards	0	Developer
mchady	ai-standards	0	Developer
meshula	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
mnagaku	ai-standards	0	 
nareyek	ai-standards	1	Project Manager
ncombs	ai-standards	1	Developer
neonai	ai-standards	1	Developer
noelstephens	ai-standards	1	Developer
owlboy	ai-standards	1	 
pbdebyl	ai-standards	1	Developer
philgoetz	ai-standards	1	Developer
prieditis	ai-standards	1	Developer
samcalis	ai-standards	1	Developer
sjabth	ai-standards	1	 
slowlearner	ai-standards	1	Developer
syrusm	ai-standards	1	Developer
tellarin	ai-standards	1	Project Manager
vag_liv	ai-standards	1	 
yapar	ai-standards	1	 
yildirim	ai-standards	1	 
dlewin	aiexp	1	 
browner10	ailoom	1	Project Manager
nonchocoboy	ailoom	1	Developer
medshah	aipl	1	 
palmalex	aisearch	1	 
momat	aisoccer	1	Developer
mwerla	aisoccer	1	Project Manager
b0z0mind	ajax	0	Developer
gevely	ajax	0	Developer
ilits	ajax	0	Developer
vamp201	ajax	1	 
ajaxcn	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
catherine_sf	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
gaoligaoli	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
hanbingxie	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
hbycchenxiao	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
joyistar	ajax-dev-lib	1	 
snail0066	ajax-dev-lib	1	 
testdll	ajax-dev-lib	1	Developer
venson	ajax-dev-lib	1	 
xutao2811	ajax-dev-lib	1	 
yuxiaoxu	ajax-dev-lib	1	Developer
zmyliyu	ajax-dev-lib	1	Project Manager
gustavo_amigo	ajax-pages	1	 
stuart_fraser	ajax4one	1	Project Manager
robertall	ajaxcms	1	 
ajaxforms	ajaxforms	1	 
niewolski	ajaxgrid	1	 
diego_zanga	ajaxrad	1	 
hbomboes	ajaxstream	1	 
hseeberger	ajeer	0	Developer
mlippert	ajeer	1	 
mstoerzer	ajhsqldb	1	 
ulreib	ajhsqldb	1	Developer
eboudrant	ajprofiler	1	Project Manager
aschuma	ajstruts	1	 
thomasabeel	ajt	1	 
thpar	ajt	1	Developer
cr0w	akarmi	0	Developer
dbeck	akarmi	1	All-Hands Person
inviscid	akorn	1	Project Manager
rea725	akorn	1	Project Manager
azidhouse	al4java	0	Developer
pepijnve	al4java	1	 
boywowboy	alabastra	0	Developer
fontax	alabastra	0	Developer
marco84	alabastra	1	Project Manager
n3wtron	alabastra	1	Project Manager
gjmacd	alde	0	Developer
pmariusz	alde	1	Project Manager
nickyqu	ale	1	 
tdesposito	alescere-engine	1	 
avjewe	alexautils	1	 
fcojrodriguez	alfrescon	1	 
chol	algosatfreenode	0	 
iolotusbobo	algosatfreenode	1	Project Manager
retzki	algosatfreenode	1	 
evincarofautumn	algoview	0	Developer
rhee	algoview	1	 
rogerflores	ali	1	 
x3r0r	alibc	1	 
tubinson	alibrowse	1	 
knusty	alink2	1	Project Manager
saquirr	alink2	1	 
wounded	alink2	1	Developer
bukinm	alleg	0	Developer
chriskcat	alleg	0	Developer
colin_ward	alleg	0	Developer
dschlyder	alleg	0	Developer
ebotcazou	alleg	0	Developer
eglebbk	alleg	1	Developer
elias	alleg	1	Developer
ferrisr	alleg	1	 
gfoot	alleg	1	Developer
goalie_ca	alleg	1	Developer
gradha	alleg	1	Web Designer
hstokset	alleg	1	Developer
icruz	alleg	1	Developer
jhe	alleg	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
joe_programmer	alleg	1	Developer
juvinious	alleg	1	Developer
kazzmir	alleg	1	Developer
konforce	alleg	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
lillo	alleg	1	Developer
mattsmith	alleg	1	Developer
mmimica	alleg	1	Developer
nanorod	alleg	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
peterhull90	alleg	1	Developer
setup	alleg	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
src	alleg	1	Developer
strangemoose	alleg	1	Developer
svens	alleg	1	Developer
tjaden	alleg	1	Developer
torhu	alleg	1	Developer
trentg	alleg	1	Developer
xaviergonz	alleg	1	Developer
acid_head	allegimmicks	1	 
niunio	allegro-pas	1	 
bcoconni	allegrogl	1	Developer
cyberbobb	allegrogl	1	Developer
elias	allegrogl	1	Developer
gfoot	allegrogl	1	Developer
joe_programmer	allegrogl	1	Developer
lillo	allegrogl	1	Developer
mmimica	allegrogl	1	Developer
trebl	allegrogl	1	Developer
korval2	allegropro	1	 
jvff	allegrt	1	 
alexduerloo	allianceless	0	Web Designer
hexmasta	allianceless	0	Developer
sleepyhead87	allianceless	1	 
smi13y	allianceless	1	Developer
stefanietheis	allianceless	1	Web Designer
brrobid	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
helver	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
mroux06	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
nas2156	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
vstepanov78	alllib	1	 
bumble	allocator	1	Project Manager
fprog	allocator	1	 
seanshaffer69	allportableapps	1	 
alecclews	almsuite	1	Project Manager
callmeott	almsuite	1	Project Manager
simonbirkett	almsuite	1	Project Manager
vuthi	almsuite	1	Project Manager
rogerflores	alo	1	 
palhoto	aloma	1	 
mikelevins	alpaca	1	Developer
colino	alperl	1	 
deepone	alpp	1	Developer
loic	alpp	1	Developer
tomashamala	alpp	1	 
vr-anders	alpp	1	Developer
trsenna	alunoapp	1	 
shmert	alyoop	1	 
autarch	alzabo	1	All-Hands Person
slanning	alzabo	1	Developer
bcholmes	amakihi	1	Developer
louisaricher	amakihi	1	Developer
mikebd	amakihi	1	Developer
omok	amakihi	1	Developer
tthiraku	amakihi	1	Developer
gilflores	amateras	0	Developer
kimumasa	amateras	0	Developer
mhasegawa	amateras	0	Developer
ogawahideko	amateras	0	Developer
qiqian	amateras	0	Developer
shida-t	amateras	0	 
takezoe	amateras	1	 
vbelani	amazinghms	1	 
lsiebert	amb	1	 
darksied9	amberarcher	1	Project Manager
kdowney	amberarcher	1	 
zhangyu010	amberarcher	1	Developer
job	ambientjava	1	 
instance	ambitcomponents	1	 
muske_work	amconnections	1	 
kshitij_sv	amdctm	1	Developer
pbhaniramka	amdctm	1	 
rahul_darshan3d	amdctm	1	Developer
projectameba	ameba	1	 
eric-z	amiclargs	1	 
marcus_c	amiflinker	1	 
spotup	amiflinker	1	Graphic/Other Designer
damato	amigaide	1	Project Manager
bruyere	amigtk	1	 
yomgui	amigtk	1	 
adil_kabbaj	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
karimbouzoubaa	amine-platform	1	Developer
ulrikp	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
gmweinberg	amint	1	 
meidusa	amoeba	1	 
andi08	amorph	1	No specific role
giri23	amorph	1	Developer
hanzz	amorph	1	 
sliver33	amorph	1	Developer
bailopan	amxmodx	1	Project Manager
basic-master	amxmodx	1	Developer
damagedsoul	amxmodx	1	Developer
jghg	amxmodx	1	Developer
pmonoto	amxmodx	1	Developer
sidluke	amxmodx	1	Developer
sniperbeamer	amxmodx	1	Project Manager
karolhot	amxmodx-rain	1	All-Hands Person
dbpad	amylase	1	Developer
ideabrooder	amylase	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	amylase	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	amylase	1	Developer
joniyoon	amylase	1	Developer
khutchings	amyyang	1	 
yhu88	amyyang	1	Project Manager
iunknown01	andlu	1	 
lecando	angkor	1	 
tirsen	angkor	1	 
lipnikov	ani2d	1	Developer
vasilevs	ani2d	1	Developer
lipnikov	ani3d	1	 
vasilevs	ani3d	1	Developer
tirix	anim8orloader	1	 
johnb003	animadead	1	Developer
animefrance	animsrenaming	0	Developer
cinemania	animsrenaming	0	Developer
projettwk	animsrenaming	1	Unix Admin
clubfan	anjuta	1	Developer
kh_naba	anjuta	1	 
sgranjoux	anjuta	1	Developer
bghose	anjuta-extras	1	 
asimshankar	annie	1	 
hjmjohnson	annie	1	Developer
opx	annie	1	Developer
syn-apse	annie	1	Developer
hrgdavor	anno-params	1	 
itubert	annocpan	1	 
n_oostendorp	annocpan	1	 
tommy-xu	annote4ehcache	1	 
djm	ansi-st-tests	0	 
dmacq	ansi-st-tests	1	 
jbacanskas	ansi-st-tests	1	 
jpelrine	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
odelljl	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
ralphjohnson	ansi-st-tests	1	 
sames	ansi-st-tests	1	 
samesshu	ansi-st-tests	1	Project Manager
iyd	antaddons	1	 
behroozi	anthillbm	1	 
kuerant	antzero	1	 
qniol	antzwarz	1	Developer
vlc	antzwarz	1	 
bastiaan	anyconfig	1	Developer
soap2corba	anyconfig	1	 
boca4711	anyedit	0	Developer
dawoun	anyedit	0	Developer
moonshyne	anyedit	1	Project Manager
tdhdeep	anyedit	1	Project Manager
mirou	anyedit4idea	1	 
bschleusner	anyradix	1	 
joni	anytoany	1	 
alruiz15	aop-attr-cache	1	 
apopovic	aopi	1	 
nur	aopi	1	 
drclaus	aopython	1	 
comdog	apache-htaccess	1	 
sungo	apache-htaccess	1	 
apacilinux	apacilinux	1	 
ghost509	apad	1	 
jpss	apashtm	1	 
mazen_neifer	apashtm	1	Developer
nate-888	apdb	1	 
mbadolato	apdevteam	1	No specific role
brentoboy	ape-syntax	1	 
sfjro	aperf	1	 
soertsz	aphis	1	 
burakg	apl	1	 
karabuk	aplepy	1	 
moriq	apollo3	1	Developer
palminator	apollomigration	1	 
pady	appcheck	1	 
sfohey	appconf	1	 
ccdrbrg	appdc	1	 
alan_conroy	appfoundation	1	 
zmhu	appfw	1	 
wacca	applauncher	1	 
aaldeveloper1	applautolayer	0	Developer
cliftonm	applautolayer	1	Project Manager
hhas	appscript	1	 
vivek_spike	appupdatewiz	1	 
tetsujin	appv	1	 
evanz_d	apricot	1	 
mistik	aptesting	1	Project Manager
nosfe2k	aptesting	1	Project Manager
d_ewing	apy	1	All-Hands Person
mgenti	apy	1	 
cscortes	apyuddi	1	 
jsekora	aqtools	1	 
champo	aquamacs	0	Developer
davidswelt	aquamacs	1	 
fatius	aquamacs	1	Web Designer
n2linux	aquamacs	1	Project Manager
sidney1310	aquamacs	1	Developer
amado-alves	aquaterm	0	 
hbabcock	aquaterm	0	Developer
persquare	aquaterm	1	Developer
complement	arabica	0	 
craigp98072	arabica	0	Developer
jez_higgins	arabica	1	 
kandrew	arabica	1	 
pwalford	arabica	1	 
turingtest	arachnid	1	 
mytuxmaster	arag	1	 
aragonx	aragon	1	 
boboegr	aratora	1	 
lastcraft	arbiter	1	Project Manager
jcreem	arborvitae	1	 
alwick	arch4j	1	Developer
brownr	arch4j	1	Developer
dcolwell	arch4j	1	Developer
greasydaemon	arch4j	1	Developer
mvastrad	arch4j	1	 
mwaltz	arch4j	1	Developer
refux	arch4j	1	Developer
rgreinke	arch4j	1	Developer
subbur	arch4j	1	Developer
vibhu_s	arch4j	1	Developer
wonarheim	arch4j	1	Developer
raven-arch	archangelinc	1	Project Manager
ddard	archivebuilder	1	Developer
lapeyre_om	archivebuilder	1	 
tcouery	archivebuilder	1	Developer
likoski	arcon	1	Project Manager
lupo73	arcthemall	1	 
shef1408	aredfwk	1	 
harmacy	arenalauncher	1	 
alexsaintcroix	arete	1	 
theworld40	arghelper	1	 
colding	argopt	1	 
sheitmann	argtable	1	 
tsmango	argus-tracker	1	 
kenshiro55	aries	1	 
gaurav_v_bagga	arjava	1	 
alfa	arm0nia	1	Developer
darksun4	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
koukos	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
wired_gr	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
asimon	armedbear-j	0	Developer
dmcnaught	armedbear-j	0	Developer
ehuelsmann	armedbear-j	1	 
pfdietz	armedbear-j	1	Tester
piso	armedbear-j	1	 
shayneflint	armidale	1	Project Manager
hongli	arpix	1	Project Manager
idra	arpix	1	Developer
arran4	arran4	1	 
lardybiffa	arroyo	0	Developer
pjread	arroyo	0	Developer
sgregory	arroyo	0	Developer
timtennant	arroyo	1	 
jayhawker	ars4sdlnft	1	 
derekberube	arsclientje	1	 
derekberube	arsperfmgmt	1	 
artcava	artcavahtml	1	 
bdevoe	artemisvote	1	Project Manager
eliasbalasis	artifax	1	All-Hands Person
panagiotiss	artifax	1	Developer
smeyfroi	artoflife	1	 
kiaksar	artregistry	1	 
cdent	arts	1	All-Hands Person
mjc	arts	1	Developer
suso	arts	1	Developer
badegruber	artstkmkt	0	 
pauljohn32	artstkmkt	1	 
tokikenshi	arylon	1	Developer
ai024	as2lib	0	Developer
cherreman	as2lib	0	Developer
isadovskiy	as2lib	0	Developer
jayaprakash_a	as2lib	0	Developer
mastakaneda	as2lib	1	Project Manager
ripcurlx	as2lib	1	Developer
simonwacker	as2lib	1	Developer
ttyco	as2lib	1	Doc Writer
blanchg	as4j	1	 
auselen	asal	1	 
benmoez	asal	1	Developer
chronolab	asal	1	 
michaelkuhn	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Project Manager
xgcssch	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Developer
pupeno	asaplate	1	 
spectre_ap	ascentscripts	1	Developer
aidan_skinner	ascl	1	Project Manager
jrcarter	ascl	1	Distributor/Promoter
merdmann	ascl	1	All-Hands Person
zhangjianao	ascol	1	 
asclabs	ascphysics	1	 
bbeaulant	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
carlos_rovira	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
dobesv	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
enchos	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
marvotron	aseclipseplugin	1	All-Hands Person
mb0	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
negttid	aseclipseplugin	1	 
pschreib	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
twodogssoftware	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
intervent	aselib	1	 
net_mask	asgard	1	 
mega_m	asgard-pm	1	 
bangroot	ashkay	1	 
beders	ashkelon	0	Developer
electricbob	ashkelon	0	Developer
esuez	ashkelon	1	Project Manager
rohanr2	ashpool	1	 
thmarx	ashpool	1	Developer
ashapochka	ashwood	1	 
mrasnika	asido	1	Project Manager
todor_todorov	asido	1	Developer
chris_kohlhoff	asio	1	 
amsler	aslib2	1	Project Manager
konst	asm	1	All-Hands Person
nickols_k	asm	1	Developer
visitor	asm	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bryceschroeder	asm48	0	Developer
daveho	asm48	1	 
nonsence_kyle	asma	1	 
markusjohansson	asmbuilder	1	 
amd	asmcrew	0	 
instinc	asmcrew	1	 
kintaro_2001	asmcrew	1	 
lukas2000	asmcrew	1	 
robertostling	asmcrew	1	 
robost86	asmcrew	1	Developer
trem	asmcrew	1	 
x-laes	asmcrew	1	Developer
rabidrecluse	asmdis	1	 
rabidrecluse	asmlib	1	 
rabidrecluse	asmlibx	1	 
lverre	asmversions4vs	1	 
adibaron	aspamia	1	Developer
aspamia	aspamia	1	Project Manager
murch	aspdf	1	 
acme	aspect-perl	1	Developer
unimatrix	aspect-perl	1	Developer
hseeberger	aspectbrains	1	 
aspectdynamics	aspectdynamics	1	 
magrob	aspectme	1	 
ulsa	aspectme	1	 
avibryant	aspectr	1	Developer
feldt	aspectr	1	 
guyblade	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
mkarasek	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
sheltim	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
mrtwice	asptemplate	0	Developer
sibambang	asptemplate	0	Developer
stijn	asptemplate	0	Developer
tanis	asptemplate	1	Project Manager
wodge	asptemplate	1	Developer
nineteen85	asptracker	1	 
antoine_935	aspyct	1	 
thomas-m	associations	1	 
rolfik	astra92lib	1	 
j-pimp	astrogrep	1	Developer
jackslade	astrogrep	1	Developer
theodoreward	astrogrep	1	 
jimp03	astyle	1	Project Manager
alimills	asunit	1	Project Manager
i_tyrrell	asunit	1	Developer
lukebayes	asunit	1	Project Manager
rpenner	asunit	1	Developer
alsutton	asxmlp	1	 
olsner	async	1	 
purplekarrot	async-db	1	 
afarouk	asyncaction	1	 
krivoshey	asyncresolv	1	 
corey_gorman	at-log-it	1	 
bago75	ataraxia	1	Project Manager
chanshuikay	ataraxia	1	Developer
cseres	ataraxia	1	Developer
mikelupu	ataraxia	1	Developer
nikolaymetchev	ataraxia	1	Developer
pagat	ataraxia	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
skozyren	ataraxia	1	Developer
hatimk	atgeclipse	1	 
mike2410	athenamp	1	 
tw0f4c3s	athosframework	1	 
alexgirao	atma	1	Project Manager
andermarce	atma	1	Developer
nicholasamorim	atma	1	Developer
robertalmeida	atma	1	Developer
dstergiopoulos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
smarkou	atmelwlandriver	1	Project Manager
stsolakos	atmelwlandriver	1	Developer
tmpetsos	atmelwlandriver	1	Developer
californiakidd	atomatrix	1	 
jseigh	atomic-ptr-plus	1	 
armenio	atomicdate	1	Developer
aboshammar	atomicge	1	 
pneyens	attachlayout	1	 
barbarars	attrezzo	1	All-Hands Person
joelrs	attrezzo	1	Project Manager
jayj	audio-daemon	1	 
ken_vh	audioblocks	1	 
jamwyd	aug	0	Developer
marayl	aug	1	Project Manager
airy	augui	1	All-Hands Person
flit	augui	1	 
qbase	augui	1	Developer
yenorom	augui	1	Developer
cyberelf	auit	1	 
khurshid	aurigadoc	1	Project Manager
khurshid	aurigadoclet	1	 
egervari	auroramvc	1	 
jingweno	aurorasdk	1	 
paladinofkaos	auross	1	Project Manager
mccain	auth	1	 
stanis	auth	1	Developer
dirkpitt2050	autograf	1	 
ilja_iwas	autograf	1	Project Manager
andygryc	autorealm	1	Developer
axeslinger	autorealm	1	Developer
banger-amiga	autorealm	1	Developer
conruyt	autorealm	1	Web Designer
cylentwolf	autorealm	1	Developer
falerion	autorealm	1	Developer
jdullea	autorealm	1	Developer
jfriant	autorealm	1	Developer
kjdavies	autorealm	1	Developer
messie	autorealm	1	Developer
mizy	autorealm	1	Developer
moonglum	autorealm	1	Developer
oojah	autorealm	1	Developer
pedersen	autorealm	1	Developer
screwsoft	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
thraxsivae	autorealm	1	Developer
uoirej	autorealm	1	Developer
zifnabbe	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gavinkendall	autoregexcheck	1	 
nova77	autores	1	 
peter_bengtsson	autotaglib	1	 
arufanov	auxutils	1	 
adamm	av3d	1	All-Hands Person
grellin	avalanchegdk	1	Project Manager
blomk	avango	0	Developer
geri-sf	avango	0	Developer
gordonshumway	avango	0	No specific role
jogo_sf	avango	1	Project Manager
jsd01	avango	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mharin	avango	1	Developer
riege	avango	1	Developer
stefanconrad	avango	1	No specific role
tholti	avango	1	Project Manager
zlosch	avango	1	Developer
egrolleau	avicaptcl	1	Project Manager
ndorlencourt	avicaptcl	1	Developer
ozkrumpet	avis	0	Developer
phillipsm	avis	1	 
skapare	avlmap	1	 
jondkent	avm	1	Developer
h3avyarms	avrcalc	1	 
jhuntnz	avrml	1	Unix Admin
shaoziyang	avrub	1	 
dshejko	await	1	Project Manager
aphofstede	awdotnet	1	 
isokabal	awg-scheme-libs	1	 
aphofstede	awjava	1	 
jwar	awjava	1	 
jlianoglou	awusbxtra	1	 
anthonyw	axemill	1	 
simonswift	axemill	1	Developer
dargra	axis4struts	0	Developer
kevinbedell	axis4struts	1	Project Manager
mikeoliveraz	axis4struts	1	 
svante	axpipe	1	 
victormote	axsl	1	Project Manager
abates	axualize	0	Developer
doogan551	axualize	0	No specific role
mattnapier	axualize	0	No specific role
russwyte	axualize	1	Project Manager
gorki	azote	0	 
ndeloof	azote	1	 
alpeter	b-forms	1	 
delson	babel-lib	1	 
unifex	babel-lib	1	Developer
anshil	babylon	1	 
ajanicij	babylonlib	1	All-Hands Person
darkomarko	babylonlib	1	Developer
darkoquak	babylonlib	1	 
ddarko	babylonlib	1	 
anders-agren	bacsharp	1	 
skarg	bacsharp	1	Developer
bad_camel	badcamelgaming	1	 
sbouma	bagg	1	 
ishido	bahur	1	 
abzero	baj	1	Developer
dougneal	baj	1	Developer
billyoconnor	bakery	0	Developer
murrayc	bakery	1	Project Manager
mxpxfifws	bakery	1	Developer
shaderman	bakery	1	Developer
fpgui	balise	1	 
supercranky	bamcompile	1	 
aeinbu	bananadotnet	0	Developer
molokai	bananadotnet	0	Developer
plillevold	bananadotnet	1	 
tektor	bananadotnet	1	Developer
arthurcarvalho	bancotv	1	Project Manager
cristianosilva	bancotv	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
eduardoennes	bancotv	1	Developer
luizflorentino	bancotv	1	Developer
pointv	bancotv	1	 
ronaldnorat	bancotv	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
evels	banenas	1	 
anir	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
banglalinux	banglalinux	1	Developer
rahatayub	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
zahidbd	banglalinux	1	Developer
prabhakar	banjo	1	 
stromgt	banteng	1	 
denniswachira	baraza	1	 
dapissarenko	barchart4palm	1	 
mwsimpson	barcodingtools	1	 
dashorst	baritus	1	Developer
eelco12	baritus	1	 
laurenshop	baritus	1	Developer
the_ellessar	baritus	1	Developer
squidbot	baroque	1	 
danathan	basebuilder	0	 
jamiemcclelland	basebuilder	1	 
um_and_uh	basebuilder	1	Developer
damiancarrillo	baseconv	1	 
omerlevy	basengine	1	 
frans_lundberg	basestream	1	 
tmarkey	bashautomate	1	 
pyrolistical	basicj	1	All-Hands Person
agatocles	basicportal	0	Developer
agreysukh	basicportal	0	 
basebeans	basicportal	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bkafka	basicportal	1	 
brianmaguire	basicportal	1	Project Manager
btomasini	basicportal	1	Developer
dmmorris	basicportal	1	 
grenoml	basicportal	1	 
hwinship	basicportal	1	 
javaman777	basicportal	1	 
kevem	basicportal	1	Developer
mkural	basicportal	1	 
mpac	basicportal	1	Developer
notstable	basicportal	1	 
oshylina	basicportal	1	Developer
rickcr	basicportal	1	Developer
rmatta	basicportal	1	 
taylorc	basicportal	1	 
thekm	basicportal	1	Developer
thusted	basicportal	1	 
tnist	basicportal	1	 
vicc	basicportal	1	Project Manager
wgehner	basicportal	1	 
mcfletch	basicproperty	1	 
terrasoft	basik	1	 
pierpaolo_pk81	basil-text	1	 
bataviaxbrl	batavia-xbrl	1	Project Manager
josatbatavia	batavia-xbrl	1	Project Manager
robatbatavia	batavia-xbrl	1	Project Manager
ronatbatavia	batavia-xbrl	1	Developer
batch4j	batch4j	1	 
amitmehta	batchide	0	Developer
anilpatel25	batchide	0	Developer
dosnlinux	batchide	0	 
gigvivek	batchide	1	 
rohan-smith	batchpipes	1	 
mchaves	batchrenamer	1	 
dago	bayonne	0	 
dyfet	bayonne	1	 
echo	bayonne	1	 
fleeflang	bayonne	1	Developer
herrold	bayonne	1	 
realophob	bayonne	1	 
richbodo	bayonne	1	 
scavenger	bayonne	1	 
snewpy	bayonne	1	Project Manager
visitor	bayonne	1	Developer
wwaites	bayonne	1	Developer
hconceicao	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
luxspes	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
malby	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
rodrigobamboo	bbooprevalence	1	 
bb_dakraxor	bbsocket	1	 
jim_stoll	bc4j-multi-row	1	 
nmusatti	bcbboost	1	 
yozara	bcbboost	1	Developer
bcbwebman	bcbdirectx	1	 
bcb_freak	bcbdirectx	1	 
turbo	bcbdirectx	1	 
kiklop74	bccsdk	1	Developer
kazimirov	bcore	1	 
acraciun	bcuml	1	 
droopy-seb	bdayscalendar	1	 
jwin1	bdbadapter	1	 
kyagrd	bdbplusplus	1	 
trident	bdffont	1	Project Manager
pobrien	bdoz	1	 
bmarotta	bds2006config	1	 
underdog	beancomponents	1	 
peterbecker	beandb	1	Project Manager
rschoening	beanfactory	1	 
erik_van_zijst	beanlet	1	 
zantvoort	beanlet	1	 
johndavidtaylo2	beanpeeler	1	All-Hands Person
johndavidtaylor	beanpeeler	1	 
dbrosius	beansource	1	Project Manager
cedrics	bearsui	1	 
cdx	beautifyphp	1	Developer
schtorch	beautifyphp	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	bec	1	 
jkristia	beck	1	 
lkyooo	beeline	1	 
brucem	beepcore-c	0	Developer
cphmit	beepcore-c	0	Developer
dnew	beepcore-c	0	Developer
edixon	beepcore-c	0	Developer
huston	beepcore-c	1	Project Manager
jkint	beepcore-c	1	Developer
lallen	beepcore-c	1	Developer
mrose	beepcore-c	1	All-Hands Person
mtr2	beepcore-c	1	Developer
sweetums	beepcore-c	1	All-Hands Person
beep_tomoton	beepcore-java	0	Developer
dblacka	beepcore-java	0	Developer
huston	beepcore-java	1	 
kion	beepcore-java	1	Developer
curne	beepcore-ruby	0	 
dmoniz	beepcore-ruby	1	 
perlmage	beepcore-ruby	1	Developer
dnew	beepcore-tcl	1	 
huston	beepcore-tcl	1	Developer
jkint	beepcore-tcl	1	Project Manager
mrose	beepcore-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
petercai	beetopvsaddin	1	 
beigetower	beigetower	1	All-Hands Person
dodsongr	beigetower	1	Developer
nghidav	beigetower	1	Developer
realmz	beikolio	1	 
alanlb	bekaffe	0	 
dmcqueen	bekaffe	0	 
greyhame	bekaffe	0	 
lorelli	bekaffe	0	 
tpaoletti	bekaffe	1	 
dlockamy	bella	1	 
ysbeer	benepat	1	 
beosonline	beosdeved	1	 
peterk	bepythoncomp	1	 
rsutphin	bering	1	 
gedl	berserk	1	Project Manager
jmota	berserk	1	Support Technician
jpvl	berserk	1	Support Technician
marvin79	berserk	1	 
sbzero	berserk	1	Support Technician
sergiomontelobo	berserk	1	Developer
hrbrmstr	betabrite	1	 
r-gray	bezel	1	 
davagin	bfl	1	 
alex89ru	bfv89ru	1	 
dpfeifle	bgclass	1	 
fenger	bgclass	1	 
fermium	bgclass	1	 
mgriffel	bgclass	1	 
tiw3chlo	bgclass	1	 
slobberchops	bhrpul	1	 
mlacunza	bibliocode	1	 
jhermann	bicyclerepair	0	 
mathewww	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
mgedmin	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
moshez	bicyclerepair	0	 
pdawes	bicyclerepair	1	Project Manager
pfremy	bicyclerepair	1	Developer
weakestlink	big-brother	1	 
parcival	bigapache	1	Developer
tadug	bigarithmetic	1	 
nekropole	bigint	0	Distributor/Promoter
pmwmedia	bigint	1	Project Manager
peteri	bigloo-lib	0	Developer
wowa	bigloo-lib	1	 
levitd	bigtwo	1	 
zombi	bigyo	1	 
huebsch	billutil	1	 
viperb0y	bin2cpp	1	 
hlellelid	binarycloud	0	 
jcmichel	binarycloud	1	Developer
openface	binarycloud	1	Developer
purestorm	binarycloud	1	Developer
turing	binarycloud	1	Project Manager
mmavrov	binddata2ui	1	 
ajanicij	binedit	1	 
marioxcc	bineditor	1	 
nickj2000	binscan	1	 
dospro	biogb	1	 
amackey	bionexus	0	Developer
astoltzfus	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
mbezruchko	bionexus	1	 
rvos	bionexus	1	 
tjhladish	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
vivekgopalan	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
weigangq	bionexus	1	 
amazona	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
biosdk	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
biodigitzman_2	bioupdates	1	 
vollerchris	birt-opc-oda	1	 
bisguard	bisdk	1	 
nikboyd	bistro	1	 
esumerfd	bitbashers	1	 
angarato_surion	bithundler	1	 
baitalmal	bitleaf	1	 
jraneses	bitreflexds	1	 
mfaucher	bitreflexds	1	Developer
ansuz	bits	1	 
pfeiffer	bits-a-gogo	1	 
marcelkung	bitvector4j	1	 
jackal1100	bitxml	1	 
newsboy	black-box	1	 
leung135	black-sun	1	 
agw_linux	blake	0	Content Management
gkomel	blake	0	 
gugou	blake	0	Developer
leecho	blake	0	Developer
lscheidegger	blake	1	Unix Admin
mrcs73	blake	1	Doc Writer
newber	blake	1	Developer
oleiro	blake	1	Developer
peass	blake	1	 
rafaelsteil	blake	1	 
pavelsavin	blazze	1	Project Manager
devraj	blend	1	 
cq2	blijf	1	Project Manager
ejgroene	blijf	1	 
ende	blijf	1	Developer
mjevers	blijf	1	All-Hands Person
thijsj	blijf	1	All-Hands Person
user57	bliss	1	All-Hands Person
leeper	bloatedtostring	1	 
chris95219	blox-engine	1	 
ghowlett	blt	1	Developer
mmclennan	blt	1	Developer
blusoft	blubos	1	 
cowand	bluejade	1	 
rickgiles	bluejcheckstyle	1	 
stedwar2	bluejcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
jharler	bluelib	1	Project Manager
krystal_tech	bluelog	1	 
lonnie_pryor	blues	1	 
jdjwright	blueskytime	1	 
rkrzewsk	blueskytime	1	Developer
cuttersladetd	bluewar	1	Developer
blueware	blueware	1	 
binchen1007	bluewonder	0	Doc Writer
david_seidel	bluewonder	1	Project Manager
meedaz	bluewonder	1	Tester
onxo	bluewonder	1	Developer
poethig	bluewonder	1	Analysis / Design
tlk00	bmagic	1	 
tolstoy	bmagic	1	Developer
gotthardp	bnfparser2	1	 
rsedlac	bnfparser2	1	 
vacek	bnfparser2	1	Developer
xrehak	bnfparser2	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
shortcircuit	bnn	1	 
mephidmann	boardmod	0	Developer
michaelprager	boardmod	1	Project Manager
t-master	boardmod	1	Developer
jck1307	bocalendar	1	 
atamaniuk	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
cameronjr	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
da8	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
jbattenf	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
mfoegen	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
mtandler	bodyofmethods	1	Project Manager
noessler	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
pmetz	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
ptandler	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
jck1307	boforum	1	 
thecreator	bokux2d	1	Project Manager
thorgrim_	bokux2d	1	 
aivarannamaa	bolero	1	 
elizeualcantara	boletophp	1	 
anschi	bonezengine	0	Developer
patrys	bonezengine	1	Developer
bonforum	bonforum	1	All-Hands Person
sambitbasu	bongolipi	1	 
bonzaii	bonzaiiblumwebs	1	 
krischik	booch95	0	All-Hands Person
simonjwright	booch95	1	All-Hands Person
aaron_windsor	boost	0	Developer
agurtovoy	boost	0	Developer
akalin	boost	0	Developer
aliazarbayejani	boost	0	Developer
alisdairm27386	boost	0	Developer
alkise	boost	0	Developer
alnsn	boost	0	Developer
andreas_huber69	boost	0	Developer
anthonyw	boost	0	Developer
az_sw_dude	boost	1	Developer
beman_dawes	boost	1	 
bgubenko	boost	1	Developer
bill_kempf	boost	1	Developer
biochimia	boost	1	Developer
bjorn_karlsson	boost	1	Developer
blq	boost	1	Developer
boost_admin	boost	1	Developer
brett_calcott	boost	1	Developer
burbelgruff	boost	1	Developer
carlos_p_coelho	boost	1	Developer
cepstein	boost	1	Developer
cgc	boost	1	Developer
chris_kohlhoff	boost	1	Developer
cmb537	boost	1	Developer
cpdaniel	boost	1	Developer
cppljevans	boost	1	Developer
cslittle	boost	1	Developer
danieljames	boost	1	Developer
daniel_egloff	boost	1	Developer
daniel_wallin	boost	1	Developer
dan_marsden	boost	1	Developer
david_abrahams	boost	1	 
dfrey42	boost	1	Developer
dgregor	boost	1	Developer
diemumiee	boost	1	 
djowel	boost	1	Developer
dlwalker	boost	1	Developer
dramatec	boost	1	Developer
ebf	boost	1	Developer
eric_niebler	boost	1	Developer
fcacciola	boost	1	Developer
ganssauge	boost	1	Developer
gennaro_prota	boost	1	Developer
giovannibajo	boost	1	Developer
glassfordm	boost	1	Developer
gmelquio	boost	1	Developer
grafik	boost	1	Developer
guwi17	boost	1	 
gwpowell	boost	1	Developer
hervebronnimann	boost	1	Developer
hevad57	boost	1	Developer
hkaiser	boost	1	Developer
hljin	boost	1	Developer
hubert_holin	boost	1	Developer
igaztanaga	boost	1	Developer
imaman	boost	1	Developer
jano_gaspar	boost	1	 
jbandela	boost	1	Developer
jbrandmeyer	boost	1	Developer
jdmoore99	boost	1	Developer
jeffflinn	boost	1	Editorial/Content Writer
jerrydy	boost	1	Developer
jewillco	boost	1	Developer
jhunold	boost	1	Developer
jmaurer	boost	1	 
joaquintides	boost	1	Developer
joerg_walter	boost	1	Developer
johnmaddock	boost	1	 
jonkalb	boost	1	Developer
jsiek	boost	1	Developer
jsuter	boost	1	Developer
kaalus	boost	1	Developer
kevlin	boost	1	Developer
lbourdev	boost	1	Developer
llee1	boost	1	Developer
mark_rodgers	boost	1	Developer
martin_wille	boost	1	Developer
mathiaskoch	boost	1	Developer
matiascape	boost	1	Developer
mbergal	boost	1	Developer
mclow	boost	1	Developer
memring	boost	1	Developer
mistevens	boost	1	Developer
mmurrett	boost	1	Developer
mrovner	boost	1	 
msclrhd	boost	1	Developer
nbecker	boost	1	Developer
nesotto	boost	1	Developer
nicoddemus	boost	1	Developer
nikiml	boost	1	Developer
nimnul	boost	1	Developer
nksauter	boost	1	Developer
nmotgi	boost	1	Developer
nmusatti	boost	1	Developer
noel_belcourt	boost	1	Developer
nuffer	boost	1	Developer
pdimov	boost	1	Developer
pedro_ferreira	boost	1	Developer
pmenso57	boost	1	Developer
pvozenilek	boost	1	Developer
ramey	boost	1	Developer
raoulgough	boost	1	Developer
redi	boost	1	Developer
reportbase	boost	1	Developer
reportbase2004	boost	1	 
rgarcia	boost	1	Developer
rogeeff	boost	1	Developer
rwgk	boost	1	Developer
samuel_k	boost	1	Developer
schoepflin	boost	1	Developer
sdiederich	boost	1	Developer
shammah	boost	1	Developer
slapi	boost	1	 
speedsnail	boost	1	 
srajko	boost	1	 
stefan	boost	1	Developer
straszheim	boost	1	Developer
syl	boost	1	Developer
thejcab	boost	1	Developer
tknapen	boost	1	Developer
troyer	boost	1	Developer
tslettebo	boost	1	Developer
turkanis	boost	1	Developer
t_schwinger	boost	1	Developer
urzuga	boost	1	Developer
vawjr	boost	1	Tester
vertleyb	boost	1	Developer
vladimir_prus	boost	1	Developer
witt	boost	1	Developer
wom-work	boost	1	Developer
alexis_wilke	boost-extras	1	 
dooglio2	boost-extras	1	Developer
andysem	boost-log	1	 
brunolalande	boost4psp	1	Project Manager
zais_ethael	boostcstream	1	Project Manager
xushiwei	boostmm	1	 
asola	bootman	1	 
okt	borax	1	 
chavvakula	borgworx	0	Developer
csedlaczek	borgworx	1	Project Manager
gstampfel	borgworx	1	 
jresch	borgworx	1	 
theanimal666	borgworx	1	Project Manager
catlingm	bosc	1	 
littlezoper	bosco	1	 
fmatheus	bossa	1	Developer
gdvieira	bossa	1	Developer
anders1a	bossxo	1	Project Manager
eivindw	bossxo	1	Project Manager
ilmyggo	bossxo	1	Project Manager
olasan	bossxo	1	Developer
olemartin	bossxo	1	Developer
thbieltvedt	bossxo	1	Developer
trondka	bossxo	1	Developer
zepp555	bossxo	1	Project Manager
jatsrt	bosszilla	1	 
xeus_man	bottomline	1	 
drosihn	bpe	0	 
ferd617	bpe	0	Developer
wilmesj	bpe	1	 
yulio	bplus-tree	1	 
dcharlton	brainstraindbg	1	 
mgpapp	brainterrace	1	 
entro-p	breach	1	Developer
gennaro_prota	breeze	1	Developer
sseaman	brej	1	Project Manager
asia	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
pornel	brephp	1	 
quiris11	brephp	1	Project Manager
qviri	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
zaphod_bee4	bricklayer-perl	1	 
afanofosc_99	bricxcc	1	 
peter_pilgrim	bridgetown	1	 
alambert33	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
auber	bridgetulipogdf	1	Project Manager
cjolly	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
dibathil	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
jonathandubois	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
nbellino	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
nsorrain	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
bobrkp	brownbag	0	Developer
jasonsackett	brownbag	0	Developer
mojoxanadu	brownbag	0	 
rsfeir	brownbag	1	 
tdnjln	brownbag	1	Web Designer
ubik	brownbag	1	Developer
dougedmunds	brownbuffalo	1	Developer
arjaies	bruiser	1	 
kishida0	brv-dev-tools	0	Developer
monaka	brv-dev-tools	1	Project Manager
orexx	bsf4rexx	1	Project Manager
rexx	bsf4rexx	1	 
gzzz	bsframework	1	Project Manager
phid75	bsframework	1	All-Hands Person
smlt	bsframework	1	Developer
markuskoller	bsgraphics	1	 
eric_lindahl	bshcom	1	 
eric_lindahl	bshu	1	 
devscott	bside	1	Developer
rockstar_	bside	1	Project Manager
websnarf	bstring	1	 
damato	bstring-mcc	1	Project Manager
duff2	bstring-mcc	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gnikl	bstring-mcc	1	Developer
itix	bstring-mcc	1	Developer
pbobbenb	bstring-mcc	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sba	bstring-mcc	1	Developer
sindlarv	bstring-mcc	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
thboeckel	bstring-mcc	1	Developer
maunus	bstutils	1	 
ctrager	btnet	1	Project Manager
nakkii	btnet-vs	1	 
bab	btools	1	 
arkel	btp	0	Developer
netoid	btp	0	Developer
revolutionman	btp	1	Project Manager
tyleryippee	btp	1	Project Manager
youri_ch	btp	1	Developer
agstools	btrack	1	 
bresson	bts-oops	1	 
francisco_cpg	btsoftcontrol	1	 
ekon	btsys	1	 
etnt	btt	1	 
jbevemyr	btt	1	 
klacke	btt	1	Developer
mbj	btt	1	Developer
mikl	btt	1	 
mvw	btt	1	Developer
shrogers	btt	1	Developer
sstrollo	btt	1	Developer
tonyrog	btt	1	Developer
bubbakko	bubbug	1	 
srvchess	bubuntu	1	 
kkjr	buddhism	1	Project Manager
korakot	buddhism	1	Project Manager
platinum_pt	buddhism	1	Project Manager
sawat	buddhism	1	Project Manager
yew4u	buddhism	1	 
thiloplanz	budgie	1	 
slide	bugaboo	1	Project Manager
slideep	bugaboo	1	 
wreissen	bugbase	1	 
reflog	bugcli	1	 
rsesek	bugdar	1	 
asdf4711	bugflow	1	Project Manager
bheilbrun	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
dwhite	bugin	1	Developer
muckl	bugin	1	Developer
notgod	bugin	1	Developer
provos	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
ajit_balan	bugit	1	 
alvaro456	buglet	1	 
stevedbrown	buglet	1	 
tomriemer	buglet	1	 
mwestergaard	buglist	1	 
admin	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
maqsoftware	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
jkcroney	bugnet	0	Developer
moshefi	bugnet	0	Developer
ornus	bugnet	0	Developer
rachitpatel	bugnet	0	Developer
stewartmoss	bugnet	0	Developer
tekhorror	bugnet	1	Project Manager
admsteck	bugnettaskpane	1	 
jlaase	bugsonline	0	Developer
simgar	bugsonline	1	 
poku512	bugsquash	1	Project Manager
jameswilko	bugstomper	1	Project Manager
belugin	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
loonix	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
manik	bugtracker	1	 
triplem	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
trashlyn	bugtracking	1	 
sara_f	bugwork	1	 
mindstorm2600	bugzcxx	1	 
sweetkernelp	bugzcxx	1	Developer
fma6	bugzilla-ar	0	Developer
shipmaster	bugzilla-ar	1	 
gustau	bugzilla-ca	1	 
bublik	bugzilla-de	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burnus	bugzilla-de	1	Project Manager
torangan	bugzilla-de	1	 
wurblzap	bugzilla-de	1	Project Manager
absorto	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
cdmojoli	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
jcordoba	bugzilla-es	1	 
omgs	bugzilla-es	1	Developer
alice31	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aurelien0306	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
balise	bugzilla-fr	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chris2fr	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
fpraca	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
jlberliet	bugzilla-fr	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
nathael	bugzilla-fr	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
porco	bugzilla-fr	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
t_cordonnier	bugzilla-fr	1	 
lgyurics	bugzilla-hu	1	 
cooked	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
megawati	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
wgshim	bugzilla-kr	1	 
dpupkov	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fedrushkov	bugzilla-ru	1	All-Hands Person
ilyasia	bugzilla-ru	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
legion-alt	bugzilla-ru	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
botsko	bugzillachnglog	1	 
christoph_lw	bugzillametrics	0	Developer
lgrammel	bugzillametrics	1	 
malekobaid	bugzillametrics	1	Developer
schackmann	bugzillametrics	1	Project Manager
mmastrac	bugzillanet	1	 
whala	bugzillanet	1	Developer
freefrag	bugzproxy	1	 
tsahi	bugzproxy	1	Distributor/Promoter
szczepiq	builderswitcher	1	 
rburd	buildingblocks	1	 
buildmeister	buildmeister	1	 
arsene-fr	buildutils	1	 
frustration567	bulwinkle	1	No specific role
vectortangent	bulwinkle	1	 
johnsenf	burner	0	Developer
stefano_campri	burner	0	Developer
vampirsergio	burner	1	 
zano	burner	1	Developer
cmeredith	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
j_javier	burnoutstudios	1	Developer
ramdizzydogg	burnoutstudios	1	Developer
robertod	burnoutstudios	1	Developer
shahg	burnoutstudios	1	Developer
huxoll	bus	0	Developer
jwhigginbotham	bus	1	 
kstater67	bus	1	Developer
omegadva	buzz	1	 
howardsp	bwbunit	1	 
thomas_smith	bwdnnsb	1	 
br0wn	bxml	1	 
htrd	bytecodehacks	0	 
mwh	bytecodehacks	1	 
tismer	bytecodehacks	1	 
jbperin	bzoo	1	 
marciof	c-library	1	Project Manager
andras	c-minuit	1	 
martolong	c-open-smpp-34	0	Developer
rtremsal	c-open-smpp-34	1	Developer
fred14214	c-y-a	0	Developer
hangster	c-y-a	0	Developer
hugeeuge	c-y-a	0	Developer
kasprowb	c-y-a	0	Developer
mvm313	c-y-a	0	Graphic/Other Designer
rcolbey	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
syeoh	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
the_shade	c-y-a	1	Developer
marvinr	c2html	1	 
rener	c2iexplorer	1	All-Hands Person
svwright	c4for	1	 
vermavee	c4m	1	All-Hands Person
dbergerson	c681xbots	0	Developer
dwalters	c681xbots	1	Developer
the_earl	c681xbots	1	All-Hands Person
berserk_stern	caboquinho	1	No specific role
francisabooth	cachedjarloader	1	 
naushin	cachedjarloader	1	Developer
emergetw	cachew	1	 
miyachi	cactus4enhydra	1	 
el3v3n	cadb	1	 
kanotspell	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
ncenginear	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
ashish_cy	cadkit	0	Developer
hmullens	cadkit	0	Developer
imikejackson	cadkit	0	Developer
jeadams3	cadkit	0	Tester
jsconner	cadkit	0	Developer
pep4	cadkit	1	Project Manager
tfurlong	cadkit	1	 
wsuchewie	cadkit	1	Developer
gfk	cafeine	1	 
cahaya	cahaya-asas	1	 
ayhan	cahitarf	1	 
aksergey	cairngormflex	1	 
lycj	cake	1	 
pbhaniramka	cal	1	 
jsedwards	calc-o-matic	1	 
alibaabaa	calendar	1	 
gsaielli	calleridsuite	1	 
calmosoft	calmosoft	1	 
alexili	cama	1	 
alex_iliasov	cama	1	Project Manager
virgiltrasca	cameleonproject	1	 
bogdanflorin	camellia	0	 
delaunay	camellia	0	Developer
ghorayeb	camellia	0	 
steux	camellia	1	All-Hands Person
yotamabramson	camellia	1	Developer
andrea_magni	camelos	0	Developer
caunt	camelos	0	Developer
decko	camelos	1	Project Manager
paolorossi	camelos	1	Developer
uberto	camelos	1	Project Manager
adamkennedy	camelpack	0	Developer
dagolden	camelpack	0	Developer
fireartist	camelpack	0	Developer
rkobes	camelpack	0	Developer
stennie	camelpack	1	Developer
soutaro	camldt	1	 
yori	camldt	1	 
mattam	camomile	0	Developer
yori	camomile	1	 
yrashk	camomile	1	Developer
drrwebber	camprocessor	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nagolusidhartha	camprocessor	1	Developer
robertmm	camprocessor	1	All-Hands Person
ethryx	camtrivia	1	 
virtualjay	camtrivia	1	Developer
amuino	candy4appfuse	1	 
hobb0001	candygram	1	 
canf	canfproyects	1	 
szougari	caniswing	1	 
zone	canny	1	Developer
eppesuig	canonscanner	0	Developer
kzmi	canonscanner	0	Developer
nrutman	canonscanner	0	Developer
salvestrini	canonscanner	0	Developer
volodya	canonscanner	1	 
pascalscheffers	cantcl	1	Developer
stevecassidy	cantcl	1	 
bearmini	capellini	1	 
micethomas	caps-toggle	1	 
bluefoxicy	capsaicin	1	Web Designer
arturo_rotondo	capstoneproject	1	 
skrauss	car-dsp	1	 
pod9160	carbine	1	 
araman	carbon	0	Developer
cherro	carbon	1	Project Manager
cmicali	carbon	1	 
dvoet	carbon	1	Developer
ghinkl	carbon	1	Project Manager
isdhir	carbon	1	Developer
jdreed	carbon	1	Developer
powercrazy	carbon	1	 
tmarti	carbon	1	Developer
annlewis	carbonado	0	Developer
artdodge	carbonado	0	Developer
bcastill	carbonado	0	Developer
broneill	carbonado	1	Developer
darose	carbonado	1	Developer
deflaux	carbonado	1	Developer
denizh	carbonado	1	Developer
dondo_seattle	carbonado	1	Developer
fangchen	carbonado	1	Developer
jameswil	carbonado	1	Developer
justrudd	carbonado	1	Developer
keller_tl	carbonado	1	Developer
sunny_g	carbonado	1	Developer
vidyaiyer	carbonado	1	Developer
jahlonzo	carbonfive	1	 
sborgeso	carbonfive	1	 
sivoh	carbonfive	1	Developer
swebster	carbonfive	1	 
wynholds	carbonfive	1	 
goneaway	carbonkernel	1	Project Manager
kaokart	cardboard	1	 
malversan	carpe	1	 
sunmaster2020	carsovu	1	Developer
burzmali	carthag	1	 
ceharris414	casclient	1	 
nikgus	casilda	1	 
stephenhu	caspython	1	 
andreas_eidmann	cassandra	1	Project Manager
andreas_granzer	cassandra	1	Project Manager
blixa	cassandra	1	Developer
flabes	cassandra	1	Unix Admin
heiko_wolf	cassandra	1	Project Manager
helmut_stoick	cassandra	1	Developer
jinxu	cassandra	1	Developer
marco_miedl	cassandra	1	Developer
martin_aubele	cassandra	1	Project Manager
matthias1707	cassandra	1	Developer
michael_lindig	cassandra	1	Developer
robert_stindl	cassandra	1	All-Hands Person
stefan_meyer	cassandra	1	Developer
thomasw1	cassandra	1	Developer
thomas_rieger	cassandra	1	Developer
thomas_scharke	cassandra	1	Developer
tobias_hauz	cassandra	1	Project Manager
patrickvankann	castor-taglib	1	 
bernardfrancois	casualskin	1	 
paul_meyers	casualskin	1	Developer
giovanni_giorgi	cat	1	Developer
tazzoli	cat	1	Developer
felixls	catalognow	1	All-Hands Person
jeffmoore	catalysislink	1	 
joeenfield	catalysislink	1	 
kaloian	catb-bg	1	 
minus273	catb-bg	1	 
myddrin	cathbad	1	 
maxkr	cati	1	 
golddevilfish	catmother	1	Developer
gospel_virus	catmother	1	 
kajala	catmother	1	 
naaier	catmother	1	Developer
shodan123	catmother	1	 
jbm4ever	catspeed	1	 
adeshazor	catura	1	 
ashapochka	cayenne	0	Developer
bdudney	cayenne	0	Developer
blacknext	cayenne	0	Developer
cmiskell	cayenne	0	Developer
cris	cayenne	0	Developer
ericschneider	cayenne	0	Developer
halset	cayenne	0	Developer
mensk	cayenne	1	All-Hands Person
mkienenb	cayenne	1	Developer
mshenga	cayenne	1	Developer
nirvdrum	cayenne	1	Developer
carstenbreuer	cbccl	1	 
stripwax	cbccl	1	Developer
beansv6	cbitlib	1	 
brulow	cbits	1	All-Hands Person
cfelaco	cbrowser	1	 
danielcrawshay	cbusserver	1	 
bignester	ccap	1	 
blackpaw	ccard	1	 
dago	ccaudio	0	 
dyfet	ccaudio	1	 
richbodo	ccaudio	1	 
suyog	ccaudio	1	 
gfursin	cccpf	1	 
temam	cccpf	1	Developer
jlinoff	ccdoc	1	All-Hands Person
waazom	cclip	1	Project Manager
arguepr	ccmdev	0	Developer
jkyamog	ccmdev	1	 
shackelford	ccmdev	1	 
psylented	ccode	1	Project Manager
trident	ccounter	1	Project Manager
mhowlett	ccpgplot	1	 
marshak2	ccspellchk	1	 
inovick	ccull	1	 
maxime2	ccull	1	 
plund	ccull	1	 
ajlohr270	ccursor	0	 
axlecrusher	ccursor	1	Developer
cnlohr	ccursor	1	 
ccrouzet	ccxsitoolkit	1	 
che_fox	cddb-py	1	 
thebosm	cdis	1	 
cdiv	cdiv	1	 
benny_h	cdjlib	0	Developer
dmarell	cdjlib	1	Developer
hahe	cdjlib	1	Developer
linus_nielsen	cdjlib	1	No specific role
matsl	cdjlib	1	Developer
zagor	cdjlib	1	Unix Admin
akrassavine	cdk	0	Developer
archvile18	cdk	0	Developer
bhadreshp	cdk	0	Developer
billyfish	cdk	0	Developer
bipinbihari	cdk	0	Developer
chhoppe	cdk	0	Developer
dav10	cdk	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	cdk	0	Developer
dirk49	cdk	0	Developer
djiao	cdk	0	Developer
dleidert	cdk	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
drzz	cdk	0	Developer
edgarl	cdk	0	Developer
egonw	cdk	1	Project Manager
fultoncr	cdk	1	Developer
f_marighetti	cdk	1	 
gilleain	cdk	1	Developer
goglepox	cdk	1	Developer
hantek	cdk	1	Developer
jharter	cdk	1	Developer
jhpennwv	cdk	1	Developer
jonalv	cdk	1	Developer
kaihartmann	cdk	1	Developer
labarta	cdk	1	Developer
mario_baseda	cdk	1	 
martitm	cdk	1	Developer
mekovich	cdk	1	Developer
mesprague	cdk	1	Developer
mfe4	cdk	1	Developer
migueljmol	cdk	1	Developer
miguelrojasch	cdk	1	Developer
mlemaudit	cdk	1	Developer
nielsout	cdk	1	Developer
nikodem	cdk	1	Developer
nprakash	cdk	1	Developer
ospjuth	cdk	1	Developer
pansanel	cdk	1	Developer
petermr	cdk	1	Developer
rajarshi	cdk	1	Developer
revilo2208	cdk	1	Developer
reyez	cdk	1	Developer
sarefo	cdk	1	Developer
sea36	cdk	1	Developer
shk3	cdk	1	Developer
singh81	cdk	1	Developer
sithmein	cdk	1	Developer
speleo3	cdk	1	Developer
steinbeck	cdk	1	Project Manager
stomkinson	cdk	1	Developer
sulev	cdk	1	Developer
sushil_ronghe	cdk	1	Developer
tashiro	cdk	1	Developer
telto	cdk	1	Developer
thomaskuhn	cdk	1	Developer
tohel	cdk	1	Developer
ulif	cdk	1	Developer
vedina	cdk	1	Developer
wegner	cdk	1	Developer
yongquan	cdk	1	Developer
yz237	cdk	1	Developer
zzzgggrrr	cdk	1	Developer
dmagrom	cdkpp	1	Developer
dpgigorro	cdkpp	1	Developer
nnosov	cdl	1	 
topcall	cdsd	1	 
dougschaefer	cdt-contrib	1	 
edgar_grimberg	cdt-contrib	1	 
gowinex	cdt-contrib	1	 
mlescuyer	cdt-contrib	1	 
alantar	cdx	0	 
borfast	cdx	0	Developer
bsimser	cdx	1	Project Manager
coderdude	cdx	1	Developer
codingman	cdx	1	Developer
fireangel	cdx	1	Developer
greven	cdx	1	Developer
hebertjo	cdx	1	Developer
istan	cdx	1	Project Manager
janni	cdx	1	Developer
karasu	cdx	1	Developer
l99057j	cdx	1	Developer
mcunha	cdx	1	Developer
mindcry	cdx	1	Developer
nappsulze	cdx	1	Developer
play	cdx	1	Developer
pyabo	cdx	1	Developer
wasteland	cdx	1	Developer
gtokas	cdx10	0	Developer
abretz	ceb	1	 
jbevain	cecil	1	 
airboss	cedet	0	Developer
berndl	cedet	0	Developer
emacsman	cedet	0	Developer
joakimv	cedet	0	Developer
kiniry	cedet	0	Developer
kpoxman	cedet	0	Developer
pkinnucan	cedet	0	Developer
ponced	cedet	0	Developer
safanaj	cedet	0	Developer
sekissov	cedet	0	Developer
surajacharya	cedet	0	Developer
zappo	cedet	1	No specific role
dbrower	ceespot	1	 
cehbab	cehnet	1	 
schoenborno	cehtl	1	 
andyze	celengine	1	Project Manager
rtimm	celengine	1	Project Manager
styxo	celengine	1	Project Manager
twiad	celengine	1	Developer
hacker-one	cellautomatalib	1	 
paulkuit	celldb	1	 
volker_reichel	celldb	1	Developer
nickerso	cellml	1	All-Hands Person
hemareddy	cellosi	1	 
lvcq	cellosi	1	Developer
bzinchenko	cellsheet	1	 
chochos	cemanahuatl	0	 
luxspes	cemanahuatl	1	Developer
cancered	centum	0	Web Designer
schombert	centum	1	All-Hands Person
sirmasi120	centum	1	Doc Writer
stargazerm	centum	1	Graphic/Other Designer
atuining	ceodbc	1	 
futuraworkz	cep	1	Developer
jaxn	cep	1	 
millergh	cep	1	Project Manager
patrick_reilly	cep	1	Doc Writer
webgroupmedia	cerberus-kb	1	 
bweirdan	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
feyddevnet	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
jasonlotito	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
mgruff	cereal-web-kit	1	Developer
patrige	cereal-web-kit	1	Developer
pg_tip	cereal-web-kit	1	 
twigletmac	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
maynardd	cetools	1	 
cosmin	cexcept	1	 
glennrp	cexcept	1	 
cf2jsp	cf2jsp	1	 
jword	cfactory	1	 
gamescoper	cfagcms	1	 
bakoonet	cffbasic	1	 
jsutton	cfglitch	1	Project Manager
dmgass	cfgparse	1	 
burlog	cfgparser	1	 
koko007	cfgparser	1	Graphic/Other Designer
v_pecinka	cfgparser	1	 
zizz1	cfgparser	1	 
haddons	cfiframe	1	Project Manager
hamgert	cfiframe	1	 
guyou	cflow2vcg	1	Project Manager
dr_maux	cfml	1	Project Manager
luxux	cfml	1	Developer
mihi	cfml	1	Developer
orbwave	cfobjects	1	 
cforgeleader	cforge	1	Developer
seeplusplus	cfour	1	 
jimcollins	cfsynergy	1	 
bean-bag	cfunctions	1	 
kxmode	cfxml-forum	1	Developer
jasonw754	cg-phpdoc	1	All-Hands Person
pladams9	cgcps	1	 
fireangel	cgewrapper	1	Developer
irperez	cgewrapper	1	Project Manager
cmilett	cgi-plus-plus	1	 
mshiltonj	cgi-test	1	 
devoid1	cgl-class	1	 
dramaticdigital	cgmuscle	0	 
juddsimantov	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
platypuus	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
strarup	cgmuscle	1	 
manuelkessler	cgnspp	1	Project Manager
uotremel	cgnspp	1	Developer
cgprof	cgprof	1	 
ebekker	chai	1	 
h_wilkinson	chalten	1	 
f2f	chamatools	0	Developer
matts22	chamatools	1	 
rminnich	chamatools	1	Developer
bernardfrancois	chameleonskin	1	 
paul_meyers	chameleonskin	1	Developer
jgilbertsjc	change-mgmt	1	 
glongman	changespy	1	 
ameetkulkarni	channelmanager	0	Developer
cac_hjiang	channelmanager	0	Developer
cac_qjiang	channelmanager	0	Developer
cac_yxu	channelmanager	0	Developer
chaopsychochick	channelmanager	0	Developer
dadrox	channelmanager	0	Developer
deanhiller	channelmanager	0	 
fastdragon	channelmanager	1	Developer
ceiled	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
cmang	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
emoe	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
masilis	chaosengine	1	Analysis / Design
meyek	chaosengine	1	Developer
pjenvey	chaosengine	1	Unix Admin
xsarinx	chaosengine	1	Web Designer
zeram	chaosengine	1	Doc Writer
kiplingw	charlieface	1	 
frankbuss	charon	1	 
mschulze_99	charpoly	1	 
katel	chart-taglibs	1	Developer
sacevedom	chart-taglibs	1	Developer
sargon_master	chart-taglibs	1	Developer
cpickett	check	1	Developer
hugo303	check	1	Project Manager
micahcowan	check	1	Developer
marbro	cheiron	1	 
ccambien	chello	1	Project Manager
skc	chello	1	Developer
suranyami	chello	1	 
chebmaster	chepersy	1	 
bedick	chgpw	1	 
rhymed	chickenscratch	1	All-Hands Person
ghoot	chiki	1	Project Manager
aiue3	chimaira-xion	1	 
bdhooper	chimpinstall	0	 
jonshute	chimpinstall	1	 
steveconlan	chimpinstall	1	Developer
timdale	chimpinstall	1	Tester
jonshute	chimputil	1	 
tim3pagden	chinook	1	 
chipt	chip	1	 
ankurpatel78	chiphpug	0	 
coneill	chiphpug	0	Developer
doshhar	chiphpug	0	Developer
fawadhalim	chiphpug	0	 
harkins	chiphpug	0	Developer
jhawkinsaccp	chiphpug	0	 
k8lin	chiphpug	0	Developer
nolastowe	chiphpug	0	Developer
plural	chiphpug	0	Developer
richardlynch	chiphpug	1	 
susfour	chiphpug	1	Developer
tabbey	chiphpug	1	Project Manager
webdevguy1	chiphpug	1	Developer
wtblanchard	chiphpug	1	Developer
alan_borsato	chiron	1	 
ajduncan_1	chisel	1	 
randomskk	chisel	1	Developer
drake42	chlorine	1	 
chobit	chobits	1	All-Hands Person
alxpgr	choco	1	Developer
arnaud_m	choco	1	Developer
cprudhom	choco	1	Developer
grochart	choco	1	Developer
g_richaud	choco	1	Developer
hadrien	choco	1	Developer
laburthe	choco	1	Project Manager
menana	choco	1	Developer
njussien	choco	1	Project Manager
thierry_benoist	choco	1	Developer
lilygliding	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
mararsh	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
mlipper	chronicj	1	 
chickenmoo	chrono	1	Project Manager
levicm	chronometer	1	 
noyasoft	chttpclient	1	 
clip	ciaoprolog	1	Developer
mcarro	ciaoprolog	1	 
alessage	ciclope	1	 
wjbaird	cidc	1	 
meterman	cidee	1	 
cismet	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
martinscholl	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
pdihe	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
thofmann	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
thorstenhell	cids-toolkit	1	Project Manager
nickel	cigmas	1	Developer
silverlime	cigmas	1	Project Manager
anncatherine	cil-parser	0	Developer
georgeck	cil-parser	1	Project Manager
bradleykuszmaul	cilk	1	 
jng	cilk	1	 
matley	cilk	1	 
ronounours	cimg	1	Project Manager
derletztekick	circlefitting3d	1	 
sticksoftware	circularslider	1	 
garethnelsonuk	citric	1	Developer
lordvitto	citric	1	Graphic/Other Designer
btol45	cjan	1	Project Manager
gregor42	cjan	1	Analysis / Design
michael_davey	cjan	1	Project Manager
perja	cjan	1	Analysis / Design
zebdefrar	cjan	1	Developer
nudge	cjavaipc	1	 
aton30	ckii1	1	 
dspin	ckjm	1	 
ndox	ckjm	1	 
rpelisse	ckjm	1	Unix Admin
loverdos	ckkl-core	1	 
stefanbjarni	cl-eclispe	1	 
r790	cl-edit	1	 
emu	cl-ldap	1	 
binary_w0lf	cl-matrix	1	 
warweasle	cl-pcp	1	 
aerique	cl-sdl	1	Developer
emu	cl-sdl	1	Project Manager
japj	clanlib	1	Developer
mstarch	clanlib	1	Developer
rombust	clanlib	1	Developer
sphair	clanlib	1	Developer
gianp	claro	1	Developer
marshals	claro	1	Developer
ozterminal	claro	1	Developer
holding-account	class-suite	1	 
rcromer	classbrowser	1	 
tanmaykm	classeditor	1	 
acme	classfile-perl	1	 
andrey_goodman	classfinder	0	Developer
bebe700	classfinder	0	Developer
blourencolopes	classfinder	0	Developer
boguslawfraszko	classfinder	0	Developer
clyde008	classfinder	0	Developer
dekaaked	classfinder	0	Developer
elation	classfinder	1	Project Manager
g6liu	classfinder	1	Developer
georgievh	classfinder	1	Developer
giulio79	classfinder	1	Developer
henrywong_75	classfinder	1	Developer
hgbentley	classfinder	1	Developer
ixub	classfinder	1	Developer
jasonli_uk	classfinder	1	Developer
jbatko	classfinder	1	Developer
johntsiokos	classfinder	1	Developer
lu_li	classfinder	1	Developer
miguel_delgado	classfinder	1	Developer
mmallia	classfinder	1	Developer
mr_dhafer	classfinder	1	Developer
nikitakoselev	classfinder	1	Developer
paul-val-van-bc	classfinder	1	Developer
piotrekfronc	classfinder	1	Developer
prometheas	classfinder	1	Developer
qiaoc	classfinder	1	Developer
raul_ramirez	classfinder	1	Developer
sinan12	classfinder	1	 
tmorillas	classfinder	1	Developer
wojtekmichalik	classfinder	1	Developer
zack123	classfinder	1	Developer
hxs_handle	classftp	0	Analysis / Design
jackyamaza	classftp	0	Developer
oscarxie	classftp	1	 
liviu_aurelian	classgraph	1	 
avner78	classlocator	1	Developer
danikenan	classlocator	1	 
fikin	classmarshaling	1	 
jorge_guerra	classreader	1	 
jstevh	classviewer	1	Project Manager
derijkp	classytcl	1	 
bu_jiva18	clawlib	1	Developer
cyberfreak	clawlib	1	Developer
jcguevarap	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
mindstorm2600	clawlib	1	 
shishio	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
virtualcasino	clawlib	1	Developer
daniel_yokomizo	clcl	1	Developer
szuwalski	cle	1	Project Manager
msorens	cleancode	1	 
wiering	cleangl	1	 
blackhorus	cleanhandler	1	 
lethevert	cleanoptenv	1	 
torstein	cleanux	1	Developer
willum	cleanux	1	Developer
caj	clear-box	0	Editorial/Content Writer
davidhutton	clear-box	0	Tester
purplechap	clear-box	1	Project Manager
vsprog	clear-box	1	Developer
tysinsh	clematis	1	 
xdegaye	clewn	1	Project Manager
espen	clg	1	 
ptw419	cli-dasm	1	 
damato	clib2	0	 
hfrieden	clib2	0	 
obarthel	clib2	1	 
sba	clib2	1	 
tfrieden	clib2	1	 
theantony	clib2	1	 
wegster	clib2	1	Developer
dkaufman	clicksql	1	 
patriciats23	clinicadental	1	 
cissmjg	clipsinterface	1	 
marktoml	clipsinterface	1	Developer
rvinyard	clipsmm	1	 
airfoyle	clocc	0	Developer
cfourier	clocc	0	 
donc	clocc	0	 
frank_adrian	clocc	0	Developer
gbyers	clocc	0	Developer
haible	clocc	0	 
kaelin	clocc	0	 
kevinrosenberg	clocc	0	Developer
lhunter	clocc	0	Developer
liam	clocc	0	 
marcoxa	clocc	1	 
pfdietz	clocc	1	Developer
pvaneynd	clocc	1	 
rtoy	clocc	1	 
sds	clocc	1	 
smk	clocc	1	 
stig	clocc	1	 
mattbiehl	cloneanalyzer	1	 
olafseng	cloneanalyzer	1	Project Manager
sbellon	cloneval	1	 
crsadun	clopt	1	 
matomira	clore	1	 
azola7	cloudquest	0	Developer
bunninator	cloudquest	1	 
lavii	clovis	1	 
horvathsm	clrunner	1	 
prosenjit	clumper	1	 
jsedwards	clutil	1	 
agathocles	clx-report	0	Developer
alcir	clx-report	0	Developer
danilo_lr	clx-report	0	Developer
dennisrosa	clx-report	0	Developer
edbort	clx-report	0	Developer
galadhon	clx-report	1	Unix Admin
gampert	clx-report	1	Developer
gostt	clx-report	1	Developer
jalberto	clx-report	1	Developer
jonathas	clx-report	1	Project Manager
leonardols	clx-report	1	Developer
louzada	clx-report	1	Developer
lrreine	clx-report	1	Developer
luizaujr	clx-report	1	Developer
petiz	clx-report	1	Developer
rafaelgarcia	clx-report	1	Developer
rogerbip	clx-report	1	Developer
softmaxbr	clx-report	1	Developer
chrismo	clxmlserial	1	Project Manager
harryo	clxmlserial	1	Developer
meink	clxmlserial	1	Developer
jdppm7	cmage	0	Developer
terminusdv	cmage	1	 
billharrison	cme	0	Developer
kruskal	cme	0	Developer
ossher	cme	0	Developer
tarr	cme	0	Developer
whkchung	cme	1	 
mervz22	cmis-ajax	1	 
dnave	cmldev	1	Developer
jesseanders	cmldev	1	Developer
daniel_braun	cmpbuilder	1	Developer
kurifu	cmrnsp	1	 
cnamoo	cnamoomodeler	1	 
alexvn	cncc	1	 
romanovs	cntmlib	1	 
cnpack	cnwizards	1	 
yygw	cnwizards	1	Project Manager
crstn_udrea	co2	0	 
masoft	co2	0	 
ramin_zaghi	co2	1	 
chanh	coaddons	1	Developer
coaddons	coaddons	1	 
riftit	coadunation	1	 
ycollet	coas	1	 
megid	coat	1	 
fbenedictti	cobol-dbms	1	Project Manager
joernt	cobold	0	Developer
ollix	cobold	1	Developer
unl	cobold	1	Developer
aharper	cobolic	1	Project Manager
delinchant	cobox	0	Developer
vincekazuya	cobox	1	Project Manager
antonioprado	cobrabanco	1	Project Manager
whatdidyoudo	cobrascript	1	 
sporkstorms	cocoadialog	1	 
jongampark	cocoaguidgen	1	 
andrea_delucia	coconut	0	Project Manager
frazur	coconut	0	Developer
mdipenta	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
roliveto	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
steel_wheels	coconut-lib	1	 
agnar	coda	1	 
hibou-57	code-browser	0	Developer
mkerbiquet	code-browser	1	 
stefmtl	code-nav	1	 
alpha42	code-x	0	Developer
e_weijmans	code-x	0	Developer
hollifm	code-x	0	Developer
kevaz	code-x	0	Developer
shankarpatil	code-x	0	Developer
shawnkhall	code-x	1	All-Hands Person
electrojavier	code2pdf	1	 
mteel	codeanalyze-gpl	1	 
aguevara24	codebook	0	Developer
esparta	codebook	0	Developer
garykrell	codebook	0	 
gavilan	codebook	0	Developer
markstanton	codebook	0	Developer
mikepratt	codebook	0	Developer
msborg	codebook	1	Developer
privera1	codebook	1	Developer
sjison	codebook	1	Developer
venussoftop	codebook	1	Developer
kprobst	codebox	1	 
cclay	codecommander	0	 
chicane	codecommander	1	 
aaronbockover	codeconnect	1	All-Hands Person
countjoe	codeconnector	1	Project Manager
mcjabberz	coded	1	 
nicolodavis	codedit	1	 
sarang_bh	codedit	1	Developer
zaxus	codemetrics	1	 
ceedrick	codename-alex	0	Developer
dryxel	codename-alex	0	Tester
insanemind	codename-alex	0	Developer
orngrimm	codename-alex	0	Tester
quintok	codename-alex	0	Developer
roadkill16	codename-alex	0	Developer
scriptfellow	codename-alex	1	Developer
sidthewicked	codename-alex	1	Developer
warlocke	codename-alex	1	Developer
wes32980	codename-alex	1	Doc Writer
wza	codename-alex	1	Project Manager
codename21	codename21	1	 
anblin	codenote	1	Developer
stefano_verna	codenote	1	 
kgilpin	codeometer	1	 
paulpreece	codepad	1	 
mondalaci	coder-keymaps	1	Project Manager
haruyama	coderidge	1	Developer
ueno	coderidge	1	 
yoya	coderidge	1	Developer
hathanhthai	codesender	1	 
bourilkov	codesh	1	 
colinat	codeshine	1	 
foosel	codeslang	1	 
jbishop	codeslinger	1	 
hectorcaban	codesourceproj	1	 
webspy	codestats	1	 
ruskim	codestore	1	 
adnova	codetohtml	1	 
aburrido1805	codev	0	Developer
benrose111488	codev	0	Developer
beyond_wyc	codev	0	Developer
dmcnicol	codev	0	Developer
james_e	codev	0	Developer
narentumkur	codev	0	Developer
ratchet	codev	1	Project Manager
vchan	codev	1	Developer
amir	codeweb	1	 
conjurerprime	codex-2001	1	 
believe_in_geek	codfig	1	 
cmmdevries	codfig	1	Developer
c0demangler	codon	1	 
bluffel	coengines	1	 
romanovs	cofelib	1	 
rjlorimer	coffeeby1	1	 
the_mindstorm	coffeeby1	1	Developer
dussere	colcows	1	Developer
esnard	colcows	1	Developer
photoneffect	coldet	1	 
jamesk89	coldetdotnet	1	 
doylemikej	coldunit	0	Developer
mmhohman	coldunit	1	Project Manager
rsutphin	coldunit	1	 
arc116	coliseum	1	Project Manager
racon	coliseum	1	Developer
danny90	collabedit	1	 
lmartin92	collabedit	1	Developer
heiligg	collada2raw	1	All-Hands Person
holzert	collada2raw	1	 
melq	collection-cpp	1	 
polushin	collections-j15	1	 
chrislambrou	collections15	1	 
kennethxu	collections15	1	 
lbrucher	collections15	1	Developer
mfranceschini	collections15	1	Developer
cfaerber	color-calc	1	 
daveewart	colordiff	1	 
ievlev	colorifer	1	 
voins	colorifer	1	Developer
ariejan	colt	1	 
jtiger2005	columns4eclipse	1	 
lvalics	comcenter	1	 
irl2dvolaw	comconbre	1	 
merkuriev	comedia	0	Developer
nilostep	comedia	0	Developer
seroukhov	comedia	1	Project Manager
dennis-me	comicviewernet	1	 
scraatz	comitatuscommon	1	 
peterfriedland	comjava	1	 
natielocke	command4net	1	 
shurugwi	command4net	1	No specific role
enrico_granata	commandline	1	 
darkmonk2000	commandlinenet	1	 
psychotron	commbean	1	Project Manager
inowland	commentreflower	1	 
billandersen	common-logic	1	 
stupenrose	commondesktop	1	 
jcfreema	commondrops	1	 
johnqueso	commonjava	1	Project Manager
d4ljoyn	commonplace	1	Project Manager
crzyltlman	commons	1	Project Manager
cybercerberus	commons	1	Project Manager
mcomtois	commons-vfsjdbc	1	 
americ	commontest	1	 
dmhubbar	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
eagleg	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
fergusod	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
gathorne	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
hartnalk	commsvcfw	1	Developer
irvingd	commsvcfw	1	 
jgherman	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
karlmutch	commsvcfw	1	Developer
michaelegray	commsvcfw	1	Developer
tmbarrett	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
alphakiller	comos	1	Project Manager
lealcy	comos	1	Web Designer
rafael-afonso	comparatorrefle	1	 
alanhardy	compass	0	Developer
kimchy	compass	1	 
peterbraswell	compass	1	Developer
ebizvietnam	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
ebiz_portal	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
globalqss	compilo	0	Developer
marlom9000	compilo	1	 
red1	compilo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
teo_sarca	compilo	1	Developer
trifonnt	compilo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
complement	complement	1	All-Hands Person
dmitryosmakov	complement	1	Developer
okechina	complement	1	Developer
betopadua	componentestiss	1	 
srikpen	comprgm	1	 
danesparza	comresolver	1	 
theller	comtypes	1	All-Hands Person
exortech	comunit	1	Project Manager
gabog	comunit	1	Developer
gpalli	comunit	1	Developer
henblo	comunit	1	Developer
jimako	comunit	1	Developer
kimgrasman	comunit	1	Developer
awegele	comwrapper	1	 
steinhaeuser	comwrapper	1	Developer
irvazquez	comxmlrpc	1	 
a_petrozzelli	concentre-xml	0	Developer
cramatte	concentre-xml	1	Project Manager
crocodile2u	concentre-xml	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
inwe	concentre-xml	1	 
kaloudoff	concentre-xml	1	Unix Admin
oancea	concentre-xml	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
roman_huditsch	concentre-xml	1	Developer
sylverboss	concentre-xml	1	Developer
anodos	concern	0	Developer
florianroks	concern	0	Developer
gohrke	concern	0	Developer
hengels	concern	1	 
hzeller	concern	1	Developer
jdenzel	concern	1	Developer
leonchiver	concern	1	Developer
nebulosu	concern	1	Developer
rmalitz	concern	1	Developer
r_doering	concern	1	Developer
sebnozzi	concern	1	Developer
shaensch	concern	1	Developer
stephanschuster	concern	1	Developer
thomas_scherm	concern	1	Requirements Engineering
sscherf	concur	1	 
ivan_r_moore	condenser	1	 
edankert	conduitmanager	1	 
knesbitt	conduitmanager	1	 
avatar	config-inifiles	0	Developer
domq	config-inifiles	0	Developer
grail	config-inifiles	1	Developer
neuhaus	config-inifiles	1	Project Manager
rbowen	config-inifiles	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
shlomif	config-inifiles	1	Developer
ta2	config-inifiles	1	No specific role
wadg	config-inifiles	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
clarsonneur	config-model	1	All-Hands Person
ddumont	config-model	1	 
shadow00	config-plus	1	 
dmgass	config-py	1	 
romanenco	configloader	1	 
henryn73	configmanager	1	 
pax09	configrw	1	 
petergangzhang	confucius	1	 
cabaj	congaconfig	1	Developer
mol1111	conio	1	 
debscribe	conlib	1	 
paintguy67	connect4swt	1	 
connect5d	connect5d	1	 
stephaneerard	connected	1	 
cs410	cono	1	 
lloydxx	cono	1	Project Manager
vklein	console-colors	1	 
ectotropic	consolua	1	 
ashleysbrain	construct	1	 
davidclark	construct	1	Developer
richw87	construct	1	 
xtraverse	construct	1	Support Technician
alnsn	conststring	0	 
maxime2	conststring	1	 
baruchel	contfrac	1	 
pmiller	contrast	1	 
swizin	controlfreak	1	 
bobafett	controlit	0	 
campus	controlit	1	 
eljay	controlit	1	Analysis / Design
amperp	convertdatetime	1	 
hogi	conxult	1	Project Manager
nopfnopf	conxult	1	Developer
odiobill	cookieauth	1	 
cooldev	cooldev	1	 
lannb	cooleclipse	1	Developer
oolmc	cooleclipse	1	 
ypeeters	cooleclipse	1	Developer
ckirkendall	copads	0	Developer
mauriceling	copads	1	 
tkubaska	copads	1	Doc Writer
ukimi367	copads	1	Developer
toninonino	copt	1	 
macc68	coralfsp	1	 
fsesintef	coras	0	Developer
fvrsintef	coras	1	 
gyrd	coras	1	Project Manager
shaozhiy	coras	1	Developer
stigtors	coras	1	Developer
vraalsen	coras	1	Developer
dalesbc	corelinux	0	Developer
frankc	corelinux	1	All-Hands Person
frankiec	corelinux	1	 
prudhomm	corelinux	1	All-Hands Person
ikoniari	corepyexe	1	 
pokqwd	coreserver	1	 
fernandoribeiro	coronelado	1	 
maurotaveira	coronelado	1	Developer
arcl	corps	1	Project Manager
wendelmaques	corps	1	Developer
wrpddx	corps	1	Developer
irosales	corsolas	1	Developer
maxtuno	corsolas	1	 
caioflucena	cosa	0	 
phackwer	cosa	1	 
tworems	cosa	1	 
cogardig	cosf	1	Project Manager
iamaphpfreak	cosf	1	Developer
livedev	cosf	1	Developer
paulmcdermott74	cosf	1	Developer
qu236161	cosf	1	Developer
vrinda	cosf	1	Developer
gstuart	cosi-dot-net	1	Project Manager
mckeown_paul	cosi-dot-net	1	Developer
zheng_li	cothreads	1	 
x6e6562	cotton	1	 
ostersc	cougaar	1	Project Manager
tcarrico	cougaar	1	Project Manager
coachvargo	cougar	0	Developer
coder90210	cougar	1	All-Hands Person
jean_paul_33	cougar	1	Developer
rsalazar	cougar	1	Developer
shamsian	cougar	1	Developer
stevevance	cougar	1	Developer
hwiechers	countlines-py	1	Developer
adamian	countsoftprice	1	 
elena_lepko	countsoftprice	1	 
liuxuan01	countword	1	 
visusnet	covi	1	 
covibli	covibli	1	 
ken_vh	cow	1	 
pudge	cpan-mac	1	 
autrijus	cpanplus	0	Requirements Engineering
co-kane	cpanplus	1	Project Manager
jambe2	cpanplus	1	Developer
kudra	cpanplus	1	Doc Writer
mbarbon	cpanplus	1	Tester
tzz	cpanplus	1	 
mchirico	cpearls	1	 
qiminghe	cpetstore	1	All-Hands Person
mr3dblond	cphplib	1	Project Manager
svenreul	cphplib	1	Developer
boriaw	cplab3	1	Project Manager
labcn243	cplab3	1	 
alteridem	cplusplus	0	Developer
apouratian	cplusplus	0	Developer
bennos	cplusplus	0	Developer
dago	cplusplus	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dyfet	cplusplus	1	Project Manager
esche	cplusplus	1	Developer
freddy77	cplusplus	1	Developer
gianni	cplusplus	1	Developer
hzeller	cplusplus	1	Developer
johnfredcee	cplusplus	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
jtalbot	cplusplus	1	Developer
kinnison	cplusplus	1	Developer
lmarzullo	cplusplus	1	Developer
ocibu	cplusplus	1	Developer
olleg	cplusplus	1	Developer
petrolix	cplusplus	1	Developer
rahulsai	cplusplus	1	Developer
richbodo	cplusplus	1	Distributor/Promoter
rossta	cplusplus	1	Developer
slowbyte	cplusplus	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
sudhanshu	cplusplus	1	Developer
yrashk	cplusplus	1	No specific role
alx27	cpnightmare	1	 
jstookey	cpnmouse	0	Developer
mwestergaard	cpnmouse	1	Project Manager
omega1016	cpnmouse	1	Developer
berryware	cpo	1	Developer
efedok	cpo	1	Developer
jcolson	cpo	1	Developer
mad191	cpo	1	Developer
pattyd19	cpo	1	Developer
blprice	cpolib	1	Project Manager
grimicus	cpolib	1	Developer
patoski	cpolib	1	All-Hands Person
pmuellr	cpost	1	Project Manager
alnsn	cpp-experiment	1	Developer
kibalin	cpp-experiment	1	Web Designer
alexvn	cpp-perfometer	1	 
alexvn	cpp-sockets	1	 
lexis_t	cpp-trace	1	Project Manager
vesa_karvonen	cpp-unit	1	 
nodet	cpp2rtf	1	 
robertalmeida	cppagi	1	 
dmarian	cppcback	1	 
chitoiup	cppcommandline	1	 
ikoniari	cppdatastructs	1	 
nero_couvalli	cppdatastructs	1	Web Designer
prasadsurve	cppdbunit	1	Project Manager
tvsudheendra	cppdbunit	1	Developer
intmain	cppdevedit	1	 
headpigeons	cppdoc	1	 
dashohoxha	cppdom	1	No specific role
daniel-kun	cppfunctor	1	 
felipe_almeida	cppgui	1	 
ajwans	cppisf	1	 
dcbill	cppisf	1	Developer
zedpobre	cppopt	1	 
kvanals	cppschool	1	 
honkir	cppsphinxclient	1	 
urbanek	cppsphinxclient	1	Developer
msobczak	cpptcl	1	 
hartwork	cpptest	1	 
nilu	cpptest	1	 
uly56	cpptestkit	1	 
mloskot	cpptk	0	Developer
msobczak	cpptk	1	 
w3seek	cpptoccmt	1	 
aguiar	cpptools	1	 
ecosta76	cpptools	1	Developer
kjinnovation	cpputilities	1	 
emile	cprof	1	 
cthuang	cproto	1	 
jtoledo	cpstools	1	 
bshanks	cpw	1	Developer
whitten	cpw	1	 
akshatgupta	cranks	0	 
aravindalwan	cranks	1	Project Manager
smiitd	cranks	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
create-info	create-info	1	 
morpheus2matrix	creative-portal	1	Project Manager
jasonmr	credits	1	 
dbregeon	creme	1	Project Manager
julienmuller	creme	1	 
dj_segfault	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
fsga	crm114	1	 
i_a	crm114	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
moth	crm114	1	Developer
nkadel	crm114	1	Developer
oopla	crm114	1	Developer
popovich	crm114	1	 
schhabra	crm114	1	Developer
vanbaal	crm114	1	Developer
wsy	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
crsource	crossrec	1	Developer
koroglu	crossrec	1	Developer
ulflarsen	crossrec	1	All-Hands Person
warlok	crossrec	1	Developer
isemenov	crosstypes	1	 
dr_maux	crosswater	0	 
pandur	crosswater	1	 
tokoe82	crosswater	1	 
brandonh6k	crplugin	1	Project Manager
cbilson	crplugin	1	 
dotnetrulez	crplugin	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lockecj	crplugin	1	Developer
purpleant	crplugin	1	Developer
rorybecker	crplugin	1	Developer
thomashuijer	crplugin	1	Developer
ultimoamore	crudelia	1	Project Manager
andavos	cryptodotnet	1	 
nymble	cryptopy	1	 
hhonisch	crystaledit	1	 
taykwana	cs-adforms	1	 
stevenrd	cs-ode	1	 
stevenrd	cs-openal	1	 
carrzkiss	cs-school	0	Developer
diphel	cs-school	0	Developer
jannelund	cs-school	0	Developer
mats101	cs-school	1	Project Manager
allan_kuchinsky	csbi	0	Developer
amarkiel	csbi	0	Developer
ecerami	csbi	0	 
ffee21	csbi	0	Developer
gbader	csbi	0	 
iavila	csbi	0	Developer
james_angelo	csbi	0	Developer
lkamenko	csbi	0	 
mes5k	csbi	0	Developer
nerius	csbi	0	 
pedlefsen	csbi	1	Developer
rmkelley	csbi	1	Developer
rowanxmas	csbi	1	Developer
rsheridan	csbi	1	Developer
schwikowski	csbi	1	Developer
stair	csbi	1	Developer
vailaya	csbi	1	Developer
uschaefer_	cscache	1	 
wij2	cscall	1	 
ivan_zderadicka	cscodedomparser	1	 
korous	cscodedomparser	1	Developer
broeker	cscope	1	Project Manager
darrylo	cscope	1	Developer
hops1	cscope	1	Developer
jcduell	cscope	1	Developer
ms140569	cscope	1	Developer
nhorman	cscope	1	Developer
petr	cscope	1	Developer
uzi	cscope	1	Developer
yawnsoftware	csdl	1	 
jsf	cser	1	 
davidturner	cserver	0	Developer
hbs	cserver	1	Project Manager
poclea	cserver	1	Developer
drakmar	csharp-logger	1	 
lsh123	csharp-studio	1	Developer
sdemiray	csharp-studio	1	All-Hands Person
turchinc	csharp-studio	1	Developer
wilow	csharped	1	 
triso	cshroud	1	 
dafmyns	csiniparser	1	 
rajivdas	csiniparser	1	Developer
aqsalter	csk	1	Doc Writer
graphite13	csk	1	Developer
lordarchaon	csk	1	Developer
overmind911	csk	1	Developer
ucbmike	csk	1	Developer
aglaforge	cslogger	1	 
laurentd	csocket	1	 
smirk-	csocket	1	All-Hands Person
ultralight32	csopengl	1	 
nickseng	csopf	0	All-Hands Person
yoonkit	csopf	1	Project Manager
vorlath	csregex	1	 
msiennicki	cssl	1	 
baron314159	cssmunch	1	 
brettz9	csstidy	0	Developer
edwardzyang	csstidy	0	Developer
floele	csstidy	1	Developer
sined_	csstidy	1	Developer
thierryc	csstidy	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
matsys4	cstring	1	 
jake792	csunit	0	Developer
malange	csunit	1	Project Manager
mare	csunit	1	Developer
piers_lawson	csunit	1	Developer
beer_god	csv-parser	0	Developer
teishu	csv-parser	1	 
jacobrhoden	csv2xml	1	 
csvbeans	csvbeans	1	Developer
mdylo	csvbeans	1	Developer
registar	csvbeans	1	Developer
scottryan	csvbeans	1	Developer
bgkuhn	csvobjectloader	1	 
cent022	csvobjectloader	1	Analysis / Design
abupon	csvtokenizer	1	 
devosc	ctag	1	 
dfishburn	ctags	0	Developer
dhiebert	ctags	1	Project Manager
elias	ctags	1	Developer
elliotth	ctags	1	Developer
jafl	ctags	1	 
jkoshy	ctags	1	Developer
perlguy0	ctags	1	Developer
asa76	ctcl	1	 
asabassi	ctcl	1	All-Hands Person
jmarskoder	cte	1	Project Manager
chris52389	ctenet0	1	Project Manager
kinuko	ctk-dev	1	 
psw	ctlib	1	 
hoagie6	ctms	1	Project Manager
jdbell	ctms	1	Project Manager
mkobetic	ctms	1	 
stevewaring	ctms	1	Project Manager
bagder	ctrio	1	Developer
breese	ctrio	1	Developer
bschatz	ctypes	0	 
etrepum	ctypes	0	 
h_punt	ctypes	0	 
infidel	ctypes	0	Developer
mcfletch	ctypes	0	 
perky	ctypes	0	 
theller	ctypes	1	All-Hands Person
bschatz	ctypes4j	1	 
achaney	cuaesdk	0	Project Manager
chucksplatt	cuaesdk	0	Developer
dbethke	cuaesdk	1	Developer
dixson3	cuaesdk	1	Developer
dpottercisco	cuaesdk	1	Developer
jacapps	cuaesdk	1	Developer
jdliau	cuaesdk	1	Developer
lmarasci	cuaesdk	1	Developer
mr_vage	cuaesdk	1	Developer
secall	cuaesdk	1	Developer
shyape	cuaesdk	1	Developer
wy001	cuaesdk	1	Tester
zshakeel	cuaesdk	1	Developer
fermirabelli	cuartoinformat	1	 
grimreaper777	cubeb	1	 
tadada	cubeforbatch	1	 
smilerliu	cuitk	1	 
leewinder	cull	1	Project Manager
anilsaharan	cunit	1	Project Manager
jdpipe	cunit	1	Developer
jds2	cunit	1	Developer
friedger	curl-dev-tools	1	 
brentyoung	curl-widgets	1	 
friedger	curl-widgets	1	Developer
jpbl	curlpp	1	Developer
friedger	curlunit	1	 
jbeekmann	curlunit	1	 
simfonie	cusp-parser	1	 
wmfaben	customgridview	1	 
jmmcg	custwinapi	1	All-Hands Person
heicom	cute	1	Developer
kerns	cute	1	Developer
nickthompson	cute	1	Developer
tat0o	cutee	1	 
asimjalis	cutest	1	 
mtegtmeyer	cvalarray	1	 
rk87	cvarlib	1	 
snikolaev	cvmlib	1	 
carla_cm	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
julioaba	cvpframework	1	 
mvargas	cvpframework	1	Graphic/Other Designer
scinos	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
alvarado	cvrlib	1	 
jorgep	cvs-intro	1	Developer
lbarberan	cvs-intro	1	 
tacicu	cvs-intro	1	Developer
zona21	cvsrepository	1	 
yygw	cvstracnt	1	 
bradenloe	cwc32	1	 
b2e3	cweb	0	Developer
boisvert	cweb	0	Developer
bparsia	cweb	0	Developer
dphaedo	cweb	0	Analysis / Design
guylukes	cweb	1	Developer
mhgrove	cweb	1	Developer
mrpersonick	cweb	1	Developer
thompsonbry	cweb	1	Project Manager
trumpetinc	cweb	1	Developer
crusius	cwebtags	1	 
rmharris	cwpapi	1	Project Manager
tjlytle	cwpapi	1	Developer
atuining	cx-logging	1	 
atuining	cx-oracle	1	 
atuining	cx-pygenlib	1	 
atuining	cx-pyoraclelib	1	 
barry-scott	cxx	1	Developer
dubois	cxx	1	No specific role
furnish	cxx	1	Developer
bio74	cxxbits	1	 
danieljames	cxxgui	0	 
davidturner	cxxgui	1	 
dlwh	cxxgui	1	Developer
matt_trentini	cxxgui	1	 
zhuo_qiang	cxxgui	1	Developer
habdankw	cxxtl	1	 
baggioo	cyberbabel	1	 
atomm1024	cybercat	1	 
collembola	cyberwebform	1	Developer
cybercying	cyberwebform	1	 
crazytmac	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
g-cyclops	cyclops-group	1	 
jqguo	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
radko28	cyclosoft	1	 
esavard	cygwinportable	1	 
kaloian	cyrcho	1	 
yuan_hang	cyton	1	Project Manager
czww	czww	1	 
darkmagister	d-box	1	 
diemesa	d2vreports	1	Developer
dmortizr	d2vreports	1	Developer
afr0	d3dcp	1	 
froderik	dabench	1	Developer
iwh	daboss	1	Developer
yrlec	daboss	1	Developer
sesquiped	daccel	0	Developer
snrrrub	daccel	1	Project Manager
daveb	dachshund	1	Project Manager
graham_stjack	dachshund	1	Developer
gregh	dachshund	1	Developer
mr_dave	dachshund	1	Developer
rnm-metalogic	dacs-contrib	1	 
basata	daemon4j	1	 
jseutter	daemonize	1	 
diegocr	daemons	1	 
brechtsanders	daemonservice	1	 
harvinderg	daffodilnet	0	Developer
kspreetha	daffodilnet	0	Developer
leng001	daffodilnet	0	Developer
risques	daffodilnet	0	Editorial/Content Writer
vdeepakkumar	daffodilnet	1	 
winprog	daffodilnet	1	Developer
tom9729	dagger3d	1	 
trowone1	dahlia	1	 
koen_plasmans	dali-prolog	1	 
abhi0704	dalp	0	Developer
achyut	dalp	1	Project Manager
amitkalekar	dalp	1	Developer
randhir	dalp	1	 
dizzy	dalt	1	 
ragnaroek	dandelion-ecl	1	 
dandra	dandra	1	Project Manager
jalizer	dandra	1	Developer
lebriquer	daoi	1	 
altheengineer	dapact	1	All-Hands Person
moulinfr	darkhole	1	 
williantg	darkpro	1	 
ostersc	dartmon	1	 
e2jk	databasepicture	1	 
youyounet	databean	1	 
aeden	databind	1	Developer
datablazer	datablazer	1	 
gtsmsf	datadvd	1	 
adepereyra	dataexplorer	1	 
cperthuis	dataexplorer	1	 
pimanttr	dataexplorer	1	 
oldman1004	datafile	1	 
ben_walding	dataforge	1	 
joeparks	datafu	1	 
danbunea	dataglue	1	 
sadao	dataio	1	 
unkaggregate	datamtoolbox	1	 
dfernandez	datasift	1	Project Manager
didosevilla	datastructlib	1	 
muenalan	datatype	1	 
fzammetti	datavision	1	Project Manager
jmarsden	datavision	1	Developer
jmenard	datavision	1	 
cargula	datax	1	 
jswalter	date-time-4-php	1	 
singchyun	datecalc	1	 
wizzent	datechooser	1	 
anwer	dattel	1	Developer
janschh	dattel	1	Project Manager
martin33	dattel	1	Project Manager
romanle	dattel	1	Developer
takiii	dattel	1	Project Manager
davtech	davtech-apps	1	 
alberanid	daxfi	1	Project Manager
kilip	dayax	1	 
hlapp	db-connection	1	 
tuxd00d	db-esession	1	Project Manager
tuxinator_linux	db-esession	1	Project Manager
issac	db-objects	1	 
bimminger	dbc-utilities	0	Developer
carlo9890	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
sascha_hofer	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
hanus	dbcdom	1	 
ahsile	dbconverter	1	Project Manager
horakdan	dbdesign	1	 
aldettmer	dbexpressplus	1	Developer
bsstmiller	dbexpressplus	1	Project Manager
tonanbarbarian	dbform	1	 
funnyok	dbfuse	1	 
fernandolerner	dbfw4j	1	Project Manager
marconidias	dbfw4j	1	 
mecva	dbfw4j	1	Content Management
taweili	dbgen	1	 
bmeurer	dbh	0	Developer
edscott	dbh	1	 
gregorioinda	dbh	1	 
xfce	dbh	1	Developer
miroslavp	dbhcombo	1	 
hirsu	dbhelper	1	 
ikkala76	dbhelper	1	 
shalinmangar	dbiq	1	Developer
varungupta	dbiq	1	Developer
amackey	dbix-graph	1	Developer
cmungall	dbix-graph	1	Developer
mjakl	dbmanager	1	Project Manager
mweissenbacher	dbmanager	1	All-Hands Person
dist0rted	dbnetwork	1	 
chrisn55	dbom	1	 
dbpad	dbpad	1	 
jimmiyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
joniyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
mtadashi	dbpowder	1	 
dbpp	dbpp	1	 
marianor	dbrunner	1	 
raigedas	dbtreetravclass	1	Project Manager
bdrum	dbunit	0	Developer
dep4b	dbunit	1	Developer
felipeal	dbunit	1	Project Manager
fspinazzi	dbunit	1	Developer
gommma	dbunit	1	Developer
mlaflamm	dbunit	1	All-Hands Person
rlogiacco	dbunit	1	Project Manager
slecallonnec	dbunit	1	Developer
zieggy	dbunit	1	Developer
markhop	dbunit-net	1	Developer
mikma	dbus-erlang	1	 
bradford	dbxml-core	1	Developer
estagor	dbxml-core	1	Project Manager
kstaken	dbxml-core	1	 
chewiebug	dca	1	 
denote	dcas	1	 
kolic	dcip	1	 
ajmitch	dcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bpointer	dcl	0	Developer
chavousc	dcl	0	No specific role
dneighbors	dcl	1	Project Manager
jediknight	dcl	1	Developer
mdean	dcl	1	Project Manager
mvantil	dcl	1	Developer
themaniac	dcl	1	Distributor/Promoter
jmglov	dclog	1	 
rdm_30	dclx	1	Project Manager
luzzyacentillo	dcrteam	1	Unix Admin
degp	dday-update	0	Developer
dougday	dday-update	1	 
kronoz	dday-update	1	Developer
disk91	ddcp	1	 
mja	ddepp	1	Project Manager
adalekin	ddevf	1	 
achimwackerow	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
arofan	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
ikuoikuo	ddi-alliance	0	 
jgager	ddi-alliance	1	Developer
kenmillerukda	ddi-alliance	1	 
kulnor	ddi-alliance	1	Developer
maryvardigan	ddi-alliance	1	 
mdiggory	ddi-alliance	1	Project Manager
sandai	ddi-alliance	1	 
tompiazza	ddi-alliance	1	 
wesker1972	ddi-alliance	1	 
wlthomas	ddi-alliance	1	 
lonfield	ddrz8e	1	Project Manager
truong2d	ddt-mini-soft	1	 
jg_hamburg	ddtunit	1	Project Manager
kgellien	ddtunit	1	Developer
sklakken	de-facto	1	Project Manager
uuh	de-uuhaus-lisp	1	 
holodnak	dead6502	1	 
t_inoue	deal	1	 
rmrfchik	debdocview	1	 
adam_oa	debiancell	0	Developer
dannyxyz22	debiancell	1	Developer
denisvitti	debiancell	1	Developer
diegoalvarez_08	debiancell	1	Developer
einsteinnjr	debiancell	1	Developer
fnpedrosa	debiancell	1	Developer
hnaves	debiancell	1	Developer
mi007	debiancell	1	Developer
samuelcarrijo	debiancell	1	Developer
tcdias	debiancell	1	Developer
vicentealencar	debiancell	1	Developer
cybergarp777	debraudit	0	 
ddaniels	debraudit	1	 
stevekemp	debraudit	1	Developer
gioeleb	debugstream	1	 
rossjudson	decal	1	 
ursusmaximus	decision	1	 
dgatwood	deck2omf	1	 
pepecito	dedalu	1	All-Hands Person
charruaware	dedito	0	Project Manager
daniminas	dedito	1	 
marcoslx	dedito	1	Editorial/Content Writer
kysis	dee	1	 
eric_babar	deephelpdesk	1	 
markus-karg	deepj	1	Project Manager
dsuarezv	defectcontrol	1	 
psantosl	defectcontrol	1	Developer
xtreamer	defectcontrol	1	Developer
bs5	deimos	1	 
kosch	deimos	1	 
warmachine	delphi-coll	1	 
mtirnanic	delphiical	1	 
plpolak	delphimodbus	1	Project Manager
wpostma	delphimodbus	1	Developer
darksied9	delphinet	1	 
rahul24x7	delphinet	1	Developer
rlz_marcus	delphinet	1	 
sfock	delphinet	1	Developer
svenreichard	delphinet	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tcrouch	delphinet	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
wcmcgr01	delphinet	1	Developer
wodge	delphinet	1	Developer
myarmor	delphisci	1	 
xayam	delphito	1	 
xup14936	delphiwab	1	 
marcduerst	delphixref	1	Project Manager
cjy	delux	0	Developer
eribe	delux	1	 
zhang_2003	delux	1	Developer
charlesrkingcs	demoguardfree	1	 
tessmonsta	deninet	1	All-Hands Person
denisling	denisling	1	 
apm42gpl	depdot	1	Project Manager
cyent	dependensaw	1	 
dmenges	dependometer	1	 
iotter	dependometer	1	Developer
surfer3003	dependometer	1	Developer
trident	dephicodetodoc	1	Project Manager
jscruz	deployer	1	 
weiju	deploygui	1	Developer
fzaker	designet	1	 
joaoarthurbm	designwizard	1	Project Manager
schalkwijkc	desl	1	 
msg	destiny	1	 
bhasting	dets	1	Developer
corywilkerson	dets	1	All-Hands Person
lharkness	dets	1	 
mark_godfrey	dets	1	All-Hands Person
milesscotch	dets	1	All-Hands Person
wellenc9z	dets	1	Developer
bloodsh	dev-cpp	0	All-Hands Person
claplace	dev-cpp	1	All-Hands Person
curtis8	dev-cpp	1	Support Manager
drwayne	dev-cpp	1	Support Manager
hongli	dev-cpp	1	Developer
peter_	dev-cpp	1	Developer
specu	dev-cpp	1	Developer
blaster666	devbasic	0	Developer
kyo_116	devbasic	1	 
robsmyth	devcodemetrics	1	 
sardaukarza	devconnector	1	 
misiim	devcpp-portable	1	 
antoprovenzano	deveel-console	1	 
antoprovenzano	deveel-regex	1	 
dest123	developersclub	1	Project Manager
diehard	developersclub	1	Project Manager
jimhoskins	developersclub	1	 
kdencker	developersclub	1	 
sumojim	developersclub	1	 
zoxide	developersclub	1	 
jax	devgear-mac	1	 
mil0	devgu	1	 
yang_song_shan	deviceadmin	1	 
stevenrd	devildotnet	1	 
khemebuen	deviroment	0	Developer
mandbgames	deviroment	1	 
lj4ausa	devlb	1	 
puggan	devmc12	1	 
knoxg	devout	1	 
andrej4000	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
az911	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
codingmaster	devpaks	0	 
cydside	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
effenberg0x0	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
fleeb	devpaks	1	 
fryppy	devpaks	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gabysoft	devpaks	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
laserlight	devpaks	1	Project Manager
learnloop	devpaks	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mol1111	devpaks	1	No specific role
mpuro	devpaks	1	 
specu	devpaks	1	 
spellbreaker	devpaks	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
upcase	devpaks	1	Developer
w1nma1n	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
ymenager	devportal	1	 
bigj_sal	devproject	1	 
erthalus	devproject	1	Developer
ironrobin	devproject	1	Developer
ndela	devreport	1	 
jlgosse	devsite	0	Developer
zyx321	devsite	1	 
alecthomas	devtodo	1	 
tmichel	devtool	1	Project Manager
dennys	dexcel	1	All-Hands Person
avishek	dfdedit	0	 
soumava	dfdedit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tanumoy	dfdedit	1	 
siyikalender	dframework	1	 
bom	dfront	1	 
jonasbn	dfront	1	 
amoreno	dfsm	1	 
jvalduvieco	dfsm	1	Developer
suy	dfsm	1	Developer
orencamber	dft	1	 
carrier	dftt	1	 
kloper	dgd	1	Project Manager
erparom	dhtml-gui	1	 
regis	dhtml-gui	1	Developer
diabetestools	diabetestools	1	 
ferrell	diablo95	1	Developer
lally	diablo95	1	Developer
turner	diablo95	1	Developer
softwarecze	diacze	1	 
ecrahen	diagram	1	 
liquidnet_os	dialoglayout	1	 
mijklh	dialoglayout	1	 
divya25	diary	1	 
jbriggs	diary	1	 
silax	diasce	1	 
zsdfgtbv	diasce	1	 
curedone	dicom-sharp	1	 
ajitpasi	diduce	0	 
hangal	diduce	1	 
jaya	diduce	1	Developer
mmahathi	diduce	1	Developer
sandhya_k	diduce	1	Developer
ccleve	dieseltest	1	 
hokkum	dieselx	1	 
bruceramsay	diffr	1	 
dturi	dig	1	 
cao-en	digest-it	1	 
akorolyov	digi	0	All-Hands Person
andrew_ser	digi	1	 
arvindkumars	digi	1	Developer
cescobar	digi	1	Editorial/Content Writer
dg_ibrahim	digi	1	Developer
idumali	digi	1	Analysis / Design
lasha	digi	1	Developer
marabella	digi	1	Developer
mihaipostelnicu	digi	1	Developer
mikheil	digi	1	Developer
mquigley	digi	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
naghili	digi	1	 
ombak	digi	1	 
panokhin	digi	1	Developer
rbhat	digi	1	Developer
sdavenpo	digi	1	All-Hands Person
shamanth	digi	1	Developer
shamir_k	digi	1	Developer
vamirbekyan	digi	1	Developer
vyee	digi	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
wemmick	digi	1	Project Manager
yleung	digi	1	 
digiboy86	digiforce	1	Project Manager
matt-o	digphp	1	 
svens	dime	1	 
dinkumsoftware	dinkumsoftware	1	 
methodicalj	diode	1	 
cowofevil	directio	1	 
jdarling	directsql	0	Tester
royalstar	directsql	0	Tester
sahaloka	directsql	0	Tester
whity	directsql	1	Project Manager
redstar_	directxmodplay	1	Developer
red_star	directxmodplay	0	No specific role
jvilas	discorouter	1	 
cmarguel	dispatcher	0	Developer
ealden	dispatcher	0	Tester
mcostalba	dispatcher	0	Developer
mikhail_beris	dispatcher	1	Developer
siteguy	dispatcher	1	Web Designer
zakame	dispatcher	1	Developer
xtmouse	disphelper	1	 
dbaeli	disphorm	1	 
jasampler	disposition	1	 
versu	disposition	1	 
prosenjit	dissect	1	 
shampa	dissect	1	Doc Writer
paquettem	distcctracker	1	 
mark_g_james	distcollab	1	Project Manager
adamgent	distpro	1	Developer
olegsharov	ditrack	1	 
appealing	divinelogic	1	 
divlib	divlib	1	 
bachew	divtrin	1	 
dzenav	dizzypages	1	 
bsinou	djanet	1	 
cdujeu	djanet	1	 
mbaudier	djanet	1	 
mbronni	djanet	1	 
clsilveira	djbeans	1	Project Manager
kinow	djbeans	1	 
jschmied	djbridge	0	 
revusky	djbridge	1	 
smeschini	djbridge	1	All-Hands Person
retpyrc	djconsole	1	 
kraused	dklibs	1	 
dkross	dkrossahc	1	All-Hands Person
ojay2001	dkrossahc	1	 
truelight2	dl-compat	1	 
simons00	dlsx2	1	 
kolonel	dmapi	1	 
shawndr	dmbrowser	1	 
unknown1570	dmd	1	 
fsortino	dmerge	1	 
dimis_marques	dms-iccavr	1	 
marcuscuda	dnanalytics	1	Developer
pvandervelde	dnanalytics	1	Project Manager
guessman	dncache	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	dncache	1	All-Hands Person
n_molesbenfell	dncache	1	Developer
elemings	dnd3e	1	 
rufwork	dnetgridlayout	1	 
jonir	dnetprocessing	1	 
santisg	dnetprocessing	1	 
kaisert	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
mkturner	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
sgbest	dnk-parse	1	Project Manager
eliezer	docdesignr	0	Developer
outlawpoet	docdesignr	1	 
woutthere	dockingform	1	 
dirkpitt2050	docoabrowser	1	Developer
ilja_iwas	docoabrowser	1	 
adragos	docpp	1	Project Manager
gersonfaf61	docprovider	1	 
goodger	docstring	1	Project Manager
radeg	doctaur	1	 
jeugenepace	doctorj	1	 
prplehaze2	doctorjopentool	1	Developer
tbutkie1	doctorjopentool	1	 
kollivier	documancer	0	Developer
vaclavslavik	documancer	1	 
alex_t_king	documentation	1	 
pacca	dogless	1	 
opium	dom-result-set	1	 
mbs99	dom4cpp	1	 
carnold	dom4j	0	Developer
ddlucas	dom4j	0	Developer
drwhite	dom4j	0	Developer
filipjirsak	dom4j	0	Developer
jstrachan	dom4j	1	Project Manager
laramiec	dom4j	1	Developer
maartenc	dom4j	1	Developer
mskells	dom4j	1	Developer
nicksanderson	dom4j	1	Developer
slehmann	dom4j	1	Developer
stonecobra	dom4j	1	Developer
topping	dom4j	1	Developer
tradem	dom4j	1	Developer
werken	dom4j	1	Developer
wolfftw	dom4j	1	Developer
wyldfire	dom4j	1	 
yeekee	dom4j	1	Developer
yruan2	dom4j	1	Developer
cw_krebs	dom4jb	1	Project Manager
lpassey	domcapi	1	 
domenico_82	domenico	1	 
domiclipse	domiclipse	1	 
garem	domify	0	Developer
geoffm74	domify	1	Developer
keeskuip	domify	1	Developer
lhoriman	domify	1	 
skot	domify	1	Developer
marcelkung	dominator	1	 
js007	domino4e	1	 
jheinstein	domit-rssparser	1	 
gaselli	domit-xmlparser	0	Developer
jheinstein	domit-xmlparser	1	 
runardot	domiwraps	1	 
codedigestion	domprofiler	1	 
tool-man	domunit	1	 
jlauzon	domwrapper	1	Developer
xgeoff	domwrapper	1	 
donm	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
dragonfly	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
makeroo	dontpanic	1	Developer
brentworden	doodleproject	1	Project Manager
antoniorm	dool	1	 
pac666666	dool	1	 
enricob	dosconf	1	 
medcure	dosemu-daemon05	1	 
jasonyang9	dosgui	1	 
empystudio	dot-net-report	1	 
theiling	dot2gdl	1	 
krivoshey	dotconfpp	1	 
akiaki007	dotgrid	0	Developer
fdittgen	dotgrid	0	Developer
hazeta	dotgrid	0	Developer
ptnamus	dotgrid	0	Developer
s_srirama	dotgrid	0	 
tanis	dotgrid	1	 
tobinharris	dotgrid	1	Developer
ajdonnison	dothelp	0	Developer
eddieajau	dothelp	1	 
nohero	dotlua	1	 
crocgod	dotlucene	0	Developer
garoush	dotlucene	1	Developer
mabdulfatah	dotlucene	1	 
projektfarm	dotlucene	1	 
raduban	dotlucene	1	Developer
theiwaz	dotlucene	1	 
yussef	dotlucene	1	 
linkspeed	dotnetasmviewer	1	 
fruitbatinshade	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Project Manager
markus_palme	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
shankar_pratap	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Developer
pnirschl	dotnethack	1	 
shokshok	dotnethook	1	 
bovus	dotnetinstaller	0	Developer
davideicardi	dotnetinstaller	1	Project Manager
dblockdotorg	dotnetinstaller	1	Developer
jentschi	dotnetinstaller	1	Developer
mesheets	dotnetinstaller	1	Developer
okrumnow	dotnetlayout	1	Project Manager
roman1234	dotnetlayout	1	Developer
molosse	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
pautier	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
poucin	dotnetmaker	1	 
silkgandalf	dotnetmaker	1	Developer
stormz	dotnetmaker	1	Developer
zkitkat	dotnetmaker	1	Developer
dart	dotnetpcf	1	 
skain	dotnetregextest	1	 
b_brenna	dotnetscrutil	1	 
nmusatti	dotnx	1	 
dotomega	dotomega	1	 
lloydd	dotsynce	0	Developer
vbali	dotsynce	1	 
milow	dottesttoolkit	1	 
zethon	dottoc	1	 
dkrukovsky	dotuseful	1	 
silverlokk	dotuseful	1	Doc Writer
aceccarelli	dotweb	0	 
cesschneider	dotweb	1	 
regisnet	dotweb	1	 
amnaples	doublesvsoop	0	Tester
msfclipper	doublesvsoop	1	Project Manager
kgilpin	dovetail	1	 
scottfrancis	dovetail	1	Developer
dimitri	doxbar	1	Developer
obones	doxbar	1	Developer
doxychecker	doxychecker	0	 
liberatorusa	doxychecker	1	Project Manager
markkikken	doxychecker	1	 
mzeijen	doxychecker	1	 
xrmaster	doxychecker	1	 
dimitri	doxygen	1	Developer
hartwork	doxygen	1	Doc Writer
isaac32767	doxygen	1	Web Designer
olegator	doxygen	1	Developer
prikryl	doxygen	1	Developer
ryants	doxymacs	1	Project Manager
ankhcraft	doxymake	1	 
ljwzsjs	doxys	0	 
martinharring	doxys	1	Project Manager
mlutken	doxys	1	 
buzdin	dozer	1	Developer
fgarsombke	dozer	1	Project Manager
mattjmorrison	dozer	1	Developer
mhtierney	dozer	1	Project Manager
mthielen	dozer	1	Developer
zuber_saiyed	dozer	1	Developer
cretz	dozer-annotate	1	 
enki	dp2	1	 
rozzin	dp2	1	 
chris_fu	dpp	1	Project Manager
coezbek	dpp	1	Project Manager
djemili	dpp	1	 
ssalinger	dpp	1	Project Manager
ahuser	dpp32	1	Developer
dptool	dptool	1	 
paweloque	dptool	1	No specific role
peschimo	dptool	1	Developer
xor74	dr-hiss	1	All-Hands Person
ricoz	drac-cardlib	1	 
dellui	dreamboxdev	1	Project Manager
frrpql	dreamboxdev	1	Developer
qades	dreamworld	1	 
krzysiok	dres	1	 
dagolden	drhyde	0	 
drhyde	drhyde	1	 
besan	drjava	0	Developer
bigfleet	drjava	0	Developer
bjwhitfield	drjava	0	Developer
brianstoler	drjava	1	Developer
c45207	drjava	1	Developer
camus546	drjava	1	Developer
centgraf	drjava	1	Developer
chelsderr	drjava	1	Developer
coolpipe	drjava	1	Developer
csreis	drjava	1	Developer
dlsmith	drjava	1	Developer
dyrby76	drjava	1	Developer
eallen	drjava	1	Developer
ejspe	drjava	1	Developer
ericcheng	drjava	1	Developer
evlich	drjava	1	Developer
jbannet	drjava	1	Developer
jhsia	drjava	1	Developer
jon-lugo	drjava	1	Developer
mgricken	drjava	1	Developer
moez	drjava	1	Developer
mrbkap	drjava	1	Developer
nrhorowitz	drjava	1	Developer
patman600	drjava	1	Developer
prat	drjava	1	Developer
rcartwright	drjava	1	Project Manager
sbwong	drjava	1	Developer
xiphoris	drjava	1	Developer
adrian_brown	droid	1	Project Manager
james_smith	droid	1	Developer
jmcarr	droid	1	Developer
robgtaylor	droid	1	Developer
blind_cat	dronix	0	No specific role
bmv	dronix	0	No specific role
dron	dronix	1	Project Manager
mr_top	dronix	1	No specific role
ndka	dronix	1	Developer
spwn	dronix	1	Web Designer
davecramer	drools	1	Developer
jstrachan	drools	1	Developer
jvanzyl	drools	1	Developer
mhald	drools	1	Developer
werken	drools	1	 
a_barbosa	drpython	0	Developer
drpython	drpython	1	 
francescoa	drpython	1	Project Manager
reingart	drpython	1	Developer
jay_desh9	drt-qos-man	1	 
toglader	dsflasher	1	 
pype	dsgametools	1	 
danjrod	dsock	1	 
stingray2k01	dsplus	1	 
dtamborelli	dsql	1	 
ellises	dssl	1	Developer
danielholmen	dta	1	Developer
darklite09	dta	1	Project Manager
wutka	dtdparser	1	 
desolate19	dtemplate	1	 
corwinjoy	dtemplatelib	1	 
cppguru777	dtemplatelib	1	Project Manager
elegant_dice	dtemplatelib	1	 
mkueper	dtexpert	1	All-Hands Person
glenblewis	dtframework	1	 
jcorbett	dtframework	1	Developer
nuffer	dtframework	1	 
clt-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
krl-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
munklinde	dtilib	1	Developer
rma-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
dewanto	dtreeframework	1	 
mikepb78	dts	1	All-Hands Person
tetsujin	dtv	1	 
yazy	duckyyazy-faqs	1	 
havonte	dukebot	1	 
dumbthingy	dumb-html	1	 
ade_br	dumbtransfer	1	Project Manager
plillevold	dungweed	1	Developer
qlmatrix	dupman	1	Project Manager
vtoroman	dusa	1	 
michael	dvdxml	1	 
moridinga	dvflashutils	1	Project Manager
skipin	dvremoting	1	Developer
milosh23	dw2k1	1	 
develcom_vzla	dw4j	1	 
develcom_vzla01	dw4j	1	Developer
dpwhite	dwjbuilderaddin	1	 
andot	dwpl	0	Developer
awache	dwpl	0	Developer
bachin	dwpl	0	Developer
ddemarco	dwpl	0	Developer
iwache	dwpl	1	Project Manager
jason_burgon	dwpl	1	Developer
lagocs	dwpl	1	Project Manager
tbornhaupt	dwpl	1	Developer
bazald	dxframework	1	Project Manager
toolshed	dxframework	1	Project Manager
dybdahl	dxgettext	1	Project Manager
hald80	dxgettext	1	Developer
jensberke	dxgettext	1	Developer
jgvjgv	dxgettext	1	Developer
peter3	dxgettext	1	Developer
rikbarker	dxgettext	1	Developer
realtech	dxglwrap	1	 
tigital	dxglwrap	1	Developer
doublec	dylanlibs	1	 
vpassapera	dynamic-engine	1	 
lasersquad	dynamicarrays	1	Project Manager
djmamana	dynamicjasper	1	Project Manager
ideaplugins	dynamicjasper	1	Developer
marianosimone	dynamicjasper	1	 
martingoros	dynamicjasper	1	Project Manager
jhaynie	dynamicjni	1	 
farberg	dynamiteproject	1	 
jneumann	dynamiteproject	1	 
alien999999999	dynarr	1	 
freerock	dynarr	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
gogita	dynarr	1	Developer
lieseke	dynarr	1	Doc Writer
kkanios	dynatos	1	 
andreyp	dynxform	1	 
ebacker	dynxform	1	 
jr76main	dynxform	1	Developer
abumarsa	e-demon-online	1	 
bhuvan_s_2000	e-helpdesk	1	Project Manager
sunbalan	e-helpdesk	1	Developer
andmar87	e-mr	0	 
blapro	e-mr	0	No specific role
cangsal	e-mr	1	 
cmorasca	e-mr	1	All-Hands Person
darius3723	e-mr	1	 
graber23	e-mr	1	 
jey_code	e-mr	1	 
bananeweizen	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
batasari	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
jgangemi	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
jploski	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
leo_forge	e-p-i-c	1	Developer
ludo167	e-p-i-c	1	Developer
luelljoc	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
philipp_t	e-p-i-c	1	Developer
revoglmaier	e-p-i-c	1	Developer
richterger	e-p-i-c	1	Developer
skoehler	e-p-i-c	1	Developer
stephan_ruehl	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
sunbalan	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
augustinp	e-sqlcompare	1	Project Manager
gledson_ubuntu	e190	0	 
jlohn	e190	1	 
djvanmaren	e4graph	1	 
hemkond	e4graph	1	Developer
jpfletcher	e4graph	1	 
jyljyljyl	e4graph	1	 
bwaechter	eaasyst	0	 
dhaake	eaasyst	1	Developer
jchilton	eaasyst	1	 
marissa_rabe	eaasyst	1	Developer
pmendes	eaasyst	1	Project Manager
pruan	eaasyst	1	Developer
rthirumala	eaasyst	1	Developer
saleems	eaasyst	1	Developer
tgilkison	eaasyst	1	Developer
btobin	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
oscar_the_dog	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
phil_sj	eaitoolbox	1	 
eamelink	eambbparser	1	 
albertbuyo	earcon-adf	0	Developer
mjou	earcon-adf	0	Developer
scamps	earcon-adf	1	 
gary-barnes	eareqpro	0	Developer
martinvdberg	eareqpro	1	 
mvalenty	earnware-data	1	 
rangalo	easy-connection	0	Developer
segfaulthunter	easy-connection	1	 
skop	easy-connection	1	Web Designer
easy-store	easy-framework	1	 
idanii	easyasio	1	 
fafhrdius	easycomments	1	 
bwchan	easyconf	0	Developer
ifolmedo	easyconf	0	 
jferrergerminus	easyconf	1	Developer
jorgeferrer	easyconf	1	Developer
j_bermejo	easyconf	0	Developer
kortatu	easyconf	1	Developer
nnombela	easyconf	1	Developer
geaaru	easydbus	1	 
puria	easydbus	1	Developer
ramo102	easydbus	1	Developer
bangzilla	easyeclipse	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blackbsd	easyeclipse	0	Developer
bmuskalla	easyeclipse	0	Developer
ecsmith62	easyeclipse	0	Tester
farialima	easyeclipse	1	Project Manager
fducros	easyeclipse	1	Tester
gmega	easyeclipse	1	 
longbeach	easyeclipse	1	Tester
mayworm	easyeclipse	1	Developer
mjherzog	easyeclipse	1	Developer
mollinie	easyeclipse	1	Tester
plapointe	easyeclipse	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pombredanne	easyeclipse	1	Project Manager
primer	easyeclipse	1	Developer
arisun	easyexcelreport	1	 
josuealcalde	easyfaces	1	 
khaga	easyfreedb	1	 
sodamnmad	easygettask	1	All-Hands Person
joegtp	easyio	1	Developer
thomasabeel	easyjson	1	 
sohlman	easylayout	1	 
cdodd	easylayouts	1	Developer
rpratt23	easylayouts	1	 
ayhan	easyldap	1	Analysis / Design
orhanalkan	easyldap	1	Project Manager
rkalra	easymbean	1	 
sanky_the_wiz	easymbean	1	Developer
andrewbalan	easymessaging	1	 
egoricev	easymessaging	1	Developer
egoricev	easymm7	1	Developer
henri_tremblay	easymock	0	 
jhannes	easymock	0	 
tammofreese	easymock	1	 
elmarj	easymocknet	0	Developer
jskeet	easymocknet	0	Developer
mjantz	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
mstruck	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
thierry_cattel	easymocknet	1	Doc Writer
marcaocouto	easyobjects	1	 
moraisrocha	easyobjects	1	 
thenuts	easyobjects	1	 
easychan	easypersistence	0	Developer
janapoornavel	easypersistence	0	Developer
karthi123	easypersistence	1	All-Hands Person
kmatcha	easypersistence	1	Developer
prajendran	easypersistence	1	 
agiledevcore	easyphpfw	1	 
theprogramer	easyphpfw	1	 
rblade	easyreg	1	 
etagwerker	easyscm	1	 
citizenrobertk	easysearch	1	 
andrewbalan	easysmpp	1	Developer
egoricev	easysmpp	1	Developer
bjoernko	easytomcat	1	 
creepy123	easytomcat	1	Developer
barthe	easyunit	1	 
r0l0	easyuo-contkind	0	Developer
scriptfellow	easyuo-contkind	1	 
wza	easyuo-contkind	1	Project Manager
ganeshsriram	easyupdater	0	 
groscask	easyupdater	0	Developer
jmftrindade	easyupdater	0	Developer
sifro	easyupdater	1	 
gsaielli	easywhois	1	 
masszani	easywhois	1	Developer
easywin32	easywin32	1	 
rob107	ebeanorm	1	 
csimon	ebkd	1	Developer
epeios	ebkd	1	 
ingo_thomas	ebnf	1	 
profiploch_68	ebnfparse	1	 
gpollice	ebob	0	Project Manager
imotic	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
trevelyan2001	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
dmzimmerman	ebon	0	Developer
fintanf	ebon	0	Developer
kiniry	ebon	1	All-Hands Person
robertaustin	ebook-writer	1	 
whitwareinc	ebookman-sdk	1	 
lotharcom	ebsd	1	 
berndl	ecb	1	Project Manager
burtonator	ecb	1	Developer
creator	ecb	1	 
loverde	ecb	1	Developer
zappo	ecb	1	Developer
iantomey	eccles	1	 
nik777	eccles	1	All-Hands Person
sptechsys	eci	1	 
miojio	eclauncher	1	 
yeouda	eclauncher	1	Project Manager
ac0dr	ecldbtool	1	Developer
stonyyy	eclideployerftp	1	 
ervandew	eclim	1	 
lak_	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
paruwo	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
pschoenb	eclipse-cleaner	1	Developer
inkredibl	eclipse-ddt	1	 
mangstacular	eclipse-ddt	1	Developer
ruslanas	eclipse-ddt	1	Developer
ddossot	eclipse-dws	0	 
zepag	eclipse-dws	1	 
lelissam	eclipse-gwt	1	 
alexeypetrenko	eclipse-harmony	1	Developer
gwagenknecht	eclipse-harmony	1	 
pombredanne	eclipse-harmony	1	Project Manager
wayner42	eclipse-harmony	1	 
amgad_s_youssef	eclipse-jcde	1	 
johnwillsons	eclipse-library	1	 
lhirschy	eclipse-picdt	0	Developer
maihde	eclipse-picdt	1	Project Manager
pineson	eclipse-picdt	1	Developer
fukuzawa	eclipse-solx86	1	 
daisuke_m	eclipse-study	0	Developer
kenchan	eclipse-study	0	Developer
kenichi_taka	eclipse-study	0	Developer
kojihashi	eclipse-study	0	Developer
kompiro	eclipse-study	1	All-Hands Person
yamashiro0217	eclipse-study	1	Developer
ykhr	eclipse-study	1	Developer
deerwood	eclipse-tools	0	Developer
linnet	eclipse-tools	1	Developer
acombe	eclipseas	1	 
jcdus	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
leyann	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
margaridaromero	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
ochnygosch	eclipseclassloc	1	 
antonywilkins	eclipsecoding	1	All-Hands Person
ricardoinzaurra	eclipsecolorer	1	 
ewuillai	eclipsecopyrigh	1	 
qualdeveclipse	eclipsedotproj	1	 
ajuckel	eclipseejb	1	 
spudder	eclipseeng	1	 
david_biesack	eclipseexeditor	1	 
cjstehno	eclipsefrills	1	 
chaves	eclipsegraphviz	1	 
tcljava	eclipsejtapi	1	Project Manager
hoop33	eclipselaunch	1	 
krose	eclipselauncher	0	 
membar	eclipselauncher	0	 
scarlson	eclipselauncher	1	 
jasonlotito	eclipselib	1	 
voostind	eclipselib	1	 
kdhunter	eclipseme	0	Developer
setera	eclipseme	1	Project Manager
eburnette	eclipsepowered	1	 
tcljava	eclipseservices	1	 
admorgan	eclipsesql	1	Project Manager
ammouna	eclipsesql	1	Developer
cpplus	eclipsesql	1	Developer
dreween	eclipsesql	1	Developer
dvanherbergen	eclipsesql	1	Project Manager
golfosanjorge	eclipsesql	1	Developer
hhilbert	eclipsesql	1	Developer
linlei99	eclipsesql	1	Developer
mobigeek	eclipsesql	1	Developer
pavanm	eclipsesql	1	Developer
pdmef	eclipsesql	1	Developer
senoctar	eclipsesql	1	Developer
spackers	eclipsesql	1	Developer
tioroy	eclipsesql	1	Developer
toniez	eclipsesql	1	Developer
utdrew	eclipsesql	1	Developer
v_e_c_t_o_r	eclipsesql	1	 
wvernaillen	eclipsesql	1	Developer
yossi_zend	eclipsesql	1	Project Manager
fulnecky	eclipsesrs	1	 
taresto	eclipsestarter	1	 
dkfn	eclipsetidy	1	 
pbaumard	eclipsetidy	1	Project Manager
thofi	eclipsetools	1	 
tcljava	eclipsetv	1	Project Manager
openacci	eclipseuploader	1	 
ravs53	eclipseworld	1	 
enricobn	eclipsex	1	 
angstrom	eclpce	0	Developer
asabri	eclpce	0	Developer
fryguy101	eclpce	0	 
nsando	eclpce	1	Project Manager
davoli	eclpropfileedit	1	Project Manager
mastergaurav	ecmp	1	 
eidanch	ecservicedll	1	 
mpagel	ecuarchitect	1	Tester
duracell80	ecvxml	1	 
earthur	edanator	1	 
cortex	ede	1	All-Hands Person
karijes	ede	1	All-Hands Person
laza2000	ede	1	All-Hands Person
vljubovic	ede	1	All-Hands Person
aeden	edenlib	1	 
dgirard_eu	edf	1	 
fesnault	edf	1	Developer
sebastienjust	edf	1	Developer
peterbecker	edgar	1	 
speare	edhlib	1	 
wanapu2009	edimo	1	 
rayspostbox3	edisdk	1	All-Hands Person
evias	edit-it	1	 
mbbx6spp	editmate	1	 
jaredburns	editorlist	1	 
eeuwevandijk	edk	1	All-Hands Person
alexis_wilke	edll	1	 
bramonb	edm32	0	Doc Writer
pss121	edm32	1	Project Manager
tszming	edodb	1	 
itumel	educationalive	1	 
quantum-dolphin	educationalive	1	Developer
lenigmaus	eduengine	1	 
alenico84	edumips64	0	Developer
fafa1971	edumips64	0	 
filworld	edumips64	0	Developer
lacygirl	edumips64	0	Developer
lupino3	edumips64	1	Project Manager
mancausoft	edumips64	1	Developer
max83t	edumips64	1	Developer
mirkochip	edumips64	1	Developer
thetarro	edumips64	1	Developer
vannyn	edumips64	1	Developer
ddoerr	eefes	1	Project Manager
jochen_sauer	eefes	1	Developer
nicnac	eejlib	1	 
efcstudio	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
shixiaodan	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
aciph	eforp	1	 
eiffel	efsa	1	Project Manager
jimweirich	efsa	1	 
mjansen	efsa	1	 
richieb	efsa	1	Developer
sparker	efsa	1	Developer
cminyard	egc	1	 
kuthu	eggo	1	Project Manager
dvt_java	egovtyrol	1	 
eweitlaner	egovtyrol	1	Developer
mjpinte	egovtyrol	1	 
wholzhammer	egovtyrol	1	Developer
jamesgan	ehep	0	Developer
randallco	ehep	1	Project Manager
csimon	ehos	1	Developer
epeios	ehos	1	 
emiliogonzalez	eht-base	1	 
egnaz	eibcontrol	0	Developer
jneumann	eibcontrol	1	Project Manager
martinli	eibcontrol	1	Developer
volodimir	eibcontrol	1	Developer
wadimoff	eibcontrol	1	Developer
melquiades	eidola	1	 
bsander	eiffel	0	Developer
elj	eiffel	0	Developer
pascalp	eiffel	1	 
svene	eiffel	1	Developer
colin-adams	eiffel-edom	1	 
taffkoi	eiffel-edom	1	Developer
dhiebert	eiffelfox	1	Project Manager
michaelfalconer	eiffelfox	1	Developer
rodolfograve	eiffelfox	1	 
paco	eifogl	1	Project Manager
svene	eifogl	1	Developer
badawang	eimp	0	Developer
kshanth	eimp	0	Developer
loya	eimp	1	 
mnaglik	eimp	1	Developer
persefon	eimp	1	Project Manager
rluong	eimp	1	Developer
vilmar	eimp	1	Developer
zlinux	eimp	1	Developer
pschoenb	einteractive	1	 
josdirksen	eip-in-action	1	 
eisi2003	eiselt-classlib	1	 
markus-karg	ejbfc	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
sciara	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
rhartenbower	ejbvoyager	1	Project Manager
ageldama	ejgamekit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dewanto	ejosa	1	Project Manager
idueppe	ejosa	1	Developer
isarsu	ejosa	1	Developer
menzel	ejosa	1	Project Manager
rbeltran	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
richhl	ejosa	1	Developer
theri0n	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
vauclair	ejp	1	 
cboisvert	el-cid	1	 
g_karthikeya	elab	1	 
andrewthegreen	element-python	1	 
sbahra	elfa	1	 
oklan	elfdump	1	 
minimalism	elfembed	1	 
vektor	elfembed	1	Developer
adrozdov2005	elips	1	All-Hands Person
a_ilyin	elips	1	Developer
edr94200	elips	1	Developer
epsino	elips	1	Developer
jacob.costa	elips	1	Developer
jguridi	elips	1	Developer
meh123	elips	1	Developer
opinionplugin	elips	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
phoebusbr	elips	1	Developer
skidvd	elips	1	Developer
toroparado	elips	1	Developer
ydeydier	elips	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
christie	elisa	1	Project Manager
granvil	elisa	1	Developer
sorinv	elisa	1	 
halehan	elixre	0	Developer
hollowaybrad	elixre	0	Developer
javaninja72	elixre	0	Developer
jfauble	elixre	0	Developer
johnsonryan	elixre	0	 
kamal_s	elixre	1	Developer
rkaushik72	elixre	1	Developer
wangmj99	elixre	1	Developer
wiljohnson	elixre	1	Developer
bsander	elj	0	Developer
byan	elj	0	Developer
dleijen	elj	0	Developer
elj	elj	1	 
gmc444	elj	1	Developer
hey	elj	1	Developer
mqm	elj	1	 
pascalp	elj	1	Developer
pmonks	elj	1	Developer
svene	elj	1	Developer
usander	elj	1	 
bsander	elj-win32	0	 
elj	elj-win32	1	 
hey	elj-win32	1	Developer
mqm	elj-win32	1	 
pascalp	elj-win32	1	 
pmonks	elj-win32	1	Developer
svene	elj-win32	1	 
waimingh	elj-win32	1	 
braneloc	elric	1	Developer
dionjp	elsa	1	Project Manager
guill	elsa	1	Project Manager
apulsifer	elscr	1	 
vestdam	elucidator	1	 
jcg_sturdy	emacs-versor	1	 
raman	emacs-versor	1	Developer
csandeep	emacszilla	1	 
ivnik	emaria	0	 
paranoid12	emaria	0	 
rambius	emaria	1	 
apdougla	ematrix	1	 
dirkj	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dpharris	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
floobydust	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
ggbutcher	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
kiwi64ajs	embeddedloconet	1	Project Manager
kufer	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
mbalser	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
mimozx	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
mogulman	embeddedloconet	1	 
n3ix	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
olofunke	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
pischky	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
sbormann71	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
shaack1	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
tkurz	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
wsb56	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
bsalsa	embeddedwb	1	 
sergev	embeddedwb	1	Developer
johnwillsons	embeded-ejb	1	 
arms22	embunit	1	 
tpunkka	embunit	1	Developer
agreendyk	emcdmadobelc	1	 
d96knut	emfsearch	1	Project Manager
fulnecky	emfsearch	1	 
emiedes	emiedesclsbrwsr	1	 
chennaganesh	emlvoting	1	Developer
drrwebber	emlvoting	1	 
dswarzman	emlvoting	1	Developer
mmalai	emlvoting	1	All-Hands Person
larham	emo	1	 
rimovm	emo	1	Developer
schank	emo	1	Developer
bernhardbrem	emonic	1	 
ertl	emonic	1	 
krapfi	emonic	1	Developer
radekp	emonic	1	Developer
rcjsuen	emonic	1	 
drajovic	emos-framework	1	All-Hands Person
maconic	emos-framework	1	Developer
wulfmania	emos-framework	1	 
mirviv	emotion	1	Developer
zander76	emotion	1	 
empeeco	empeecomail	1	 
rkirkby	empeg-vfdlib	1	 
shadow	empeg-vfdlib	1	Developer
doebele	empire-db	1	 
mezantrop	empty	1	 
emulates	emulates	1	Project Manager
lorenzone92	emulearchaicus	1	 
robertguite	emunes	1	 
garyfeng	emxml	1	 
enitsys	enaf	1	Project Manager
arsousa	encnet	0	No specific role
gcoliveira	encnet	0	No specific role
luisf	encnet	0	No specific role
paulozac	encnet	0	No specific role
prfaleiros	encnet	0	No specific role
rodrigomalara	encnet	1	 
bildsoft	encryptiondll	1	 
mnementh	endjinn	1	 
brahma	eng3dleveled	0	Graphic/Other Designer
hvline	eng3dleveled	1	 
asual	enlarge	1	 
semihc	enlib	1	 
aarondai	enterpriseapps	1	 
azappala	enterprisejini	1	Project Manager
pcauto	entitytable	1	 
chrismlewis	environmental	1	Developer
robertoles	environmental	1	 
fluence	envoicefluence	1	 
atjb	enyware	1	Distributor/Promoter
becwwilson	enyware	1	All-Hands Person
durrada	enyware	1	Developer
everweb	enyware	1	Project Manager
malloc_all	enyware	1	All-Hands Person
shepatw	enyware	1	Developer
theunixdude	enyware	1	All-Hands Person
arnost00	eobsystem	1	Developer
kenia	eobsystem	1	Developer
xob	eobsystem	1	Developer
dmacvica	eocene-php	0	Developer
moramata	eocene-php	1	 
pswitek	eocene-php	1	Developer
sork	eocene-php	1	Developer
lemnik	eodsql	1	 
wagner83104	epb4php	1	 
willkommers	epb4php	1	Developer
csimon	epeios	1	Developer
epeios	epeios	1	Project Manager
bob_marlin	epfe	1	 
cgraupner	epfe	1	Developer
markoniemi	epfe	1	Developer
kayalibeshr	epidle	1	 
asciva	epidoc	0	Developer
croueche	epidoc	0	 
ctupman	epidoc	0	Developer
ellimylonas	epidoc	0	 
espensore	epidoc	0	 
fiser	epidoc	1	Project Manager
gabrielbodard	epidoc	1	Project Manager
hcayless	epidoc	1	Project Manager
ilaria	epidoc	1	 
jbodel	epidoc	1	 
juangarces	epidoc	1	 
julia_flanders	epidoc	1	 
licinianus	epidoc	1	Developer
lmanderson	epidoc	1	 
mdjone2	epidoc	1	Developer
paregorios	epidoc	1	Project Manager
rviglianti	epidoc	1	Developer
sbauman	epidoc	1	 
zau	epidoc	1	Developer
pakl	epk	1	 
cjstehno	eplug	1	Developer
mforster	eplug	1	 
mgebha	eplug	1	Developer
frank777	epo-extensions	1	Project Manager
jelle78	epo-extensions	1	Project Manager
afilias	epp-rtk	0	Developer
asimbirt	epp-rtk	0	Developer
dongjinkim	epp-rtk	0	Developer
ewang2004	epp-rtk	1	Developer
fotsoft	epp-rtk	1	Developer
helena_zhou	epp-rtk	1	 
jamesfgould	epp-rtk	1	Developer
januszlib	epp-rtk	1	 
jmwoods	epp-rtk	1	Developer
lyin	epp-rtk	1	Developer
rader	epp-rtk	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
steira00	epp-rtk	1	Developer
stuartmarsden	epp-rtk	1	Developer
tubadanm	epp-rtk	1	Developer
vhokstad	epp-rtk	1	Developer
wessorh	epp-rtk	1	Developer
joeamsden	epp-ver-04	0	 
lchasen	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
williamt	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
zhang	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
fotsoft	epptt	1	Developer
russelr	eprintf	1	 
heder	eprog	1	Developer
mjae	eprog	1	Developer
rincewindwizard	eprog	1	Developer
atanveer	eproman	1	 
holderhek	epte	1	 
jonasmolsa	epto	1	 
brucem	epydoc	0	Developer
dvarrazzo	epydoc	0	Developer
edloper	epydoc	1	Project Manager
jhermann	epydoc	1	Developer
kiko_async	epydoc	1	Developer
raychorn	epydoc	1	Developer
jbarata	equo	0	Developer
jsher	equo	1	 
detlevo	eric-ide	1	Project Manager
kamikazze	erlangstudio	1	 
charpi	erlide	0	Tester
cyberlync	erlide	1	Project Manager
daatomas	erlide	1	Developer
datacompboy	erlide	1	Developer
dnonnenm	erlide	1	Developer
douglas_lindsay	erlide	1	Developer
eranga	erlide	1	Developer
falkdani	erlide	1	Developer
garazdawi	erlide	1	Developer
huiqing	erlide	1	Developer
jakobc	erlide	1	Developer
mikl	erlide	1	Developer
mvw	erlide	1	Project Manager
oroszgy	erlide	1	Project Manager
rcalco	erlide	1	Developer
vladdu	erlide	1	Project Manager
dcaoyuan	erlybird	1	 
haoboy	erlybird	1	All-Hands Person
brokenclock	errorsystem	1	Project Manager
chengetai	errorsystem	1	Developer
london567	errorsystem	1	Developer
sonicmctails	errorsystem	1	Developer
wte	errorsystem	1	Developer
andreasn	errsum	1	 
theiling	erwin2	1	 
cider101	esbrowsers	1	 
etamin	esc-dev	1	 
cocaman	escapenet	1	Project Manager
shockfreezer	escapenet	1	Project Manager
kunz	escher	0	 
neugens	escher	1	Developer
rabbit78	escher	1	Project Manager
stephent	escher	1	Developer
zubzub	escher	1	 
daimon_hall	escot	1	Project Manager
dudeofx	escot	1	Developer
pda	escot	1	Developer
spartan5	escot	1	Project Manager
xentac	escot	1	Developer
boatzhou	esde	1	 
juliameng	esde	1	Developer
samtam	esde	1	Project Manager
bjorng	esdl	1	Developer
bufflig	esdl	1	Developer
dgud	esdl	1	 
giniu	esdl	1	Developer
klajo	esdl	1	Developer
seanhinde	esdl	1	Developer
wickedsmoke	esdl	1	Developer
cadrian	ese	1	All-Hands Person
fred_zen	ese	1	Analysis / Design
sir_ck_ua	ese	1	Developer
tuser	ese	1	Developer
rayshi	esecurity	1	 
crommettc	esiobjects	0	Developer
ferret1964	esiobjects	1	Project Manager
mbagepll	esiobjects	1	Developer
mcmanamon	esiobjects	1	No specific role
rschilling	esiobjects	1	Developer
toad	esiobjects	1	 
twiechmann	esiobjects	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
zbox	esiobjects	1	Developer
cchris	esl	0	 
dnewhall	esl	1	 
classic	eslib	1	 
erich-roncarolo	eslib	1	 
mcarkan	eslib	1	No specific role
zuel	eslogger	1	 
egsilva	espeak-php	1	 
diffcom	espeaksr	1	 
adityapandit	esper	0	Developer
bernhardtt	esper	1	 
dj_jhor	esper	1	Developer
lokeshrj	esper	1	Developer
mcl032	essensoft	1	 
dankib01	essentialdata	1	Developer
baldo	estlogger	1	Project Manager
bove027	estlogger	1	Developer
doctorsnuggles	estlogger	1	Developer
baldo	estsearchdlgs	1	 
bove027	estsearchdlgs	1	Developer
eswadmin	esw	1	 
imperator5	esw	1	Developer
sword42	esw	1	Developer
jpbl	esyslogd	1	Project Manager
kraythe	esysprops-plug	1	 
tszming	etemplate	1	 
dev	eternity-it	0	Developer
nsanti	eternity-it	1	 
dmakalsky	etester	1	All-Hands Person
jonost	etester	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ligado	etf	1	 
hackerdan	etinytools	1	 
ilker_aksen	etool	1	Project Manager
eae	etp	1	 
eonics	etp	1	 
arodygin	etraxis	1	All-Hands Person
crylex	euallegro	1	Developer
loo66	euallegro	1	Developer
ray_223	euallegro	1	 
ah8	euclid-vector	1	 
mattlewis	eucom	1	 
eugtk	eugtk	1	 
m_sabal	eugtk	1	Developer
josd	eulersharp	1	Developer
mdupont	eulersharp	1	Developer
naudts	eulersharp	1	Developer
pkenens	eulersharp	1	Developer
sajjad_hussain	eulersharp	1	Developer
cklester	euslibs	1	 
mattlewis	euslibs	1	Developer
dddino	eval2	1	 
eclectus	evokeengine2	1	 
gkrueger	evolutif	1	Developer
jmenter	evolutif	1	Developer
lo_gafet	evts	1	Developer
jiyarza	ewc	0	Developer
lahtirob	ewc	0	Developer
luigi_beast	ewc	0	Developer
mballesteros	ewc	1	 
afederici	ewcc	0	Developer
jeanferreira	ewcc	0	Developer
jimmytharpe	ewcc	0	Developer
qinghai	ewcc	0	Developer
rbakos	ewcc	1	Project Manager
aice007	ewerbung	1	 
areutter	ewglib	1	 
turnermm	excavator	1	 
rhonings	excel2progress	1	 
javabrigadier	exception4j	1	Tester
manager_65	exception4j	1	Project Manager
phillippettit	exceptionreport	1	 
mktmk	exe2rom	1	 
zixia	execready	1	 
drseb	executor	1	 
barang	exegraph	0	Developer
friso73	exegraph	0	Developer
joeshortsleeve	exegraph	0	Developer
karlkoenig	exegraph	1	 
markpearse	exegraph	1	Project Manager
mmcmanus	exegraph	1	Project Manager
roncraig	exegraph	1	Developer
steinman	exegraph	1	Developer
sturtivant	exegraph	1	Developer
ianare	exif-py	1	 
sholson	exif-py	1	Developer
mcspy0312	exmat	0	Developer
mtlung	exmat	1	 
rubyyan	exmat	1	Developer
anlei	exml	1	 
julian_deville	exml	1	 
sparker	exml	1	Developer
svene	exml	1	Developer
dp79	exmld	1	Developer
exmld	exmld	1	 
metanull	exomeme	1	 
farsus	exoops	1	Project Manager
didosevilla	expatobjc	1	 
andreas_kupries	expect	0	 
davygrvy	expect	0	Developer
hobbs	expect	1	 
hobbs2	expect	1	 
libes	expect	1	 
welch	expect	1	 
balisagar	expinc	1	 
cangying	expresslane	1	Developer
ninputer	expresslane	1	Developer
brianvanderburg	expreval	1	 
johnjones	exspiminator	0	Developer
nphillips	exspiminator	1	Project Manager
duanem	extendamac	0	Developer
fdj	extendamac	1	 
guiheneuf	extendamac	1	Developer
gundrum	extendamac	1	Project Manager
meeroh	extendamac	1	 
rentzsch	extendamac	1	Developer
ferraii	extended-type	1	 
jeromegamez	extendedjs	1	 
cudi	extensibleos	1	 
mplachta	extensibleos	1	Developer
xos_seraf	extensibleos	1	 
david_ps	extfilesearch	1	Developer
qfilgus	extfilesearch	1	Developer
crni	extracta	1	 
dominikr	extracta	1	 
andrew24601	extremebasic	1	 
realguru	extremebasic	1	Developer
fractor	exymen	1	Project Manager
knipping	exymen	1	 
mabdog27	exymen	1	Developer
muhgatus	exymen	1	All-Hands Person
rickhall	exymen	1	 
schackert	exymen	1	Developer
sidman	exymen	1	Developer
mike9010	ez2d	1	No specific role
chochos	ezcontent	1	 
chfreund	ezcontrolcenter	0	Developer
hasokeric	ezcontrolcenter	1	 
listic	ezcontrolcenter	1	All-Hands Person
miklit02	ezcontrolcenter	1	Developer
whitespacer	ezcontrolcenter	1	Developer
xenni	ezirr	1	 
marcus256	ezissu	1	 
typedrobin	ezlicense	1	Project Manager
locrian	ezsocket	1	 
jdesch	ezv24	1	 
sguruprasanna	ezvu	1	 
pathfnder	ezwebdb	1	 
tsvetozar	ezwindows	1	 
voisine	ezxml	1	 
tanisj	f1help	1	 
jonny20330	f2-installer	1	All-Hands Person
ajeru	f2f	1	Project Manager
hariet	f2f	1	Project Manager
jawe	f2f	1	Project Manager
bruce_hill	facebook-rides	1	Developer
perrikko	facebook-rides	1	Developer
pfinnigan	facebook-rides	1	 
thecodemonster	facepaint	1	 
albertcc	facturalux	0	Developer
amoyav	facturalux	0	Developer
andreybehrens	facturalux	0	Developer
arodriguezm	facturalux	1	Developer
baxas	facturalux	1	Developer
el_latino	facturalux	1	Developer
eog	facturalux	1	Developer
falbujer	facturalux	1	Developer
gmolleda	facturalux	1	 
gpulido	facturalux	1	Developer
isaaccp	facturalux	1	Developer
jrodrima	facturalux	1	Developer
linuxx	facturalux	1	Developer
lorelop	facturalux	1	 
rrubio2	facturalux	1	Developer
sanyu	facturalux	1	Developer
ssjorge	facturalux	1	 
tittodiego	facturalux	1	Developer
viernes_	facturalux	1	Developer
faoron	fadingsummer	0	Developer
finellen	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
kiara	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
kroushl	fadingsummer	1	Developer
thestudent	fadingsummer	1	Support Manager
tuesday	fadingsummer	1	Developer
indeyets	faerion	0	Developer
jeteir	faerion	0	Developer
vhex	faerion	1	Project Manager
lijat	fairy	1	 
adsp	fann	0	 
devym	fann	0	Developer
fosf	fann	0	Developer
hawk78	fann	0	Developer
joshsherman	fann	0	Developer
larsam	fann	0	Developer
lexort	fann	0	Developer
looksirdroids	fann	1	Developer
mailseth	fann	1	Developer
psyklic	fann	1	Developer
tadpole9	fann	1	Developer
the_soman	fann	1	Developer
imhuy	fanxipan	1	 
mharing	faq-it	1	Project Manager
galeon_	far-engine	1	Developer
mardulf	far-engine	1	Graphic/Other Designer
raboni	far-engine	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
coolsummer	fare	1	Developer
r0hit	faro	1	 
carlwenrich	fasmstudio	0	Developer
cypher543	fasmstudio	1	 
istex	fastform	0	Developer
yagel	fastform	1	Project Manager
crazy_diamond	fastlib	1	Unix Admin
duddy_j	fastlib	1	Project Manager
feathersky	fastlib	1	Project Manager
pierre_le_riche	fastmm	1	 
tbulford	fastserializer	1	 
bozzio	fasttemplate	1	 
agraef	faudiostream	0	 
dfober	faudiostream	1	Project Manager
kersten	faudiostream	1	 
letz	faudiostream	1	Project Manager
orlarey	faudiostream	1	 
remymuller	faudiostream	1	Developer
brlock	fault-injection	0	Developer
errhoads	fault-injection	0	Developer
kxgao	fault-injection	0	Tester
rustyl	fault-injection	1	 
yzhuang	fault-injection	1	Developer
ihab	favabeans	1	 
dannomite	favalias	0	Developer
jcmag22	favalias	1	Project Manager
mgogoi	favalias	1	Developer
ndthuy	favalias	1	Developer
vdeepakkumar	favalias	1	 
dbrosius	fb-contrib	1	Project Manager
ehdeboer	fb-fenix	0	 
iq-0	fb-fenix	1	 
casinotrader	fbcommunity	0	Developer
fusemonkey	fbcommunity	1	Project Manager
gwapojoe2002	fbcommunity	1	Developer
jeannegrrl	fbcommunity	1	 
jhusum	fbcommunity	1	Developer
jmemaxwell	fbcommunity	1	Developer
sithadmin	fbcommunity	1	Developer
stephenlfoster	fbcommunity	1	Developer
theald	fbcommunity	1	 
denise_amiga	fbedit	0	Developer
gfalen	fbedit	0	Developer
ketilo	fbedit	1	Project Manager
porfirio	fbedit	1	Developer
ppdk	fbedit	1	 
rocktheschock	fbeditor	1	 
dubralex	fbhgewr	1	 
fbisso	fbissocdb	1	 
spaz_man	fbport	1	 
lithium_	fbstlport	1	 
dottzero	fccl	1	 
creinig	fcgp	1	Developer
marineam	fcgp	1	Developer
mbp	fcgp	1	Developer
rusty	fcgp	1	 
streak	fcmp	1	 
aitorsm	fd-doc	1	All-Hands Person
jhall1	fd-doc	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mceric	fd-doc	1	Project Manager
talbert	fd-doc	1	Doc Writer
fulldecent	fdconsole	1	 
minamhere	fdconsole	1	Developer
alexyeo	fddtools	0	Developer
epsino	fddtools	0	Developer
jinbochen	fddtools	0	Developer
kennethjiang	fddtools	1	 
vernons	fddtools	1	Project Manager
yanhwang	fddtools	1	Developer
teon	fddtrack	1	 
sean_225	fdev	1	 
stevesouza	fdsapi	1	 
alexjc	fear	1	All-Hands Person
baramir	fear	1	Distributor/Promoter
desbrowne	fear	1	Developer
fup	fear	1	Developer
hamburgler	fear	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
robsaunders	fear	1	Developer
alexandream	feather	1	 
jasonstracner	featuretracker	1	 
drakan	fedlibrary	1	Project Manager
anthonybaxter	fepy	0	 
hex-dump	fepy	0	 
jdhardy	fepy	0	 
kf7xm	fepy	0	 
mdx2	fepy	0	 
mjfoord	fepy	0	 
sanxiyn	fepy	1	 
seel20	fepy	1	 
alsemm	ferry	1	Developer
nestian	feteh	1	 
samuelsonline	fevb	1	 
wesley_bailey	feynman	1	 
t_inoue	ffc	1	 
cybercake	ffdec	1	 
mastersherin	ffmpeginstall	1	 
igx89	fhgep	1	Developer
pwa180	fhgep	1	Project Manager
bodeng	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
crusty2000	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
curb1983	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
drobi	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
fladi_77	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
fred_reloaded	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
haraldpittesser	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
heinrichharrer	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
heissm	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
hofmap	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
itmedv	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
koeffe	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
lenger	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
lichta	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
michael_ulm	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
mrioa	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
oernsy	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
passru	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
payerm	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
poellr	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	 
solach	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
stoppi	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
susi1306	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
teiniker	fhj-ws07-itm05	1	 
thekbi	fhj-ws07-itm05	1	Developer
tytn	fhj-ws07-itm05	1	Developer
whythat	fhj-ws07-itm05	1	Developer
woelsv	fhj-ws07-itm05	1	Developer
wo_m	fhj-ws07-itm05	1	Developer
arnogruber	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
austropretorian	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
bingoenz	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
bruthus	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
coderlabs	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
dtiefnig	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
feanor_el_nar	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
hjjanisch	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
hutteg	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
karglj	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
kunzem	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
leberm	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
linicki	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
maxkraxn	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
mehlgibsim	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
moreiter	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
qhaut	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
rberit	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
sabaini	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
schiesterg	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
sumi666	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
teiniker	fhj-ws07-swd05	1	 
thomas-lang	fhj-ws07-swd05	1	Developer
tomkober	fhj-ws07-swd05	1	Developer
tom_swd05	fhj-ws07-swd05	1	Developer
pupeno	fiacvi	1	 
mis232	fiberspp	1	 
shikhalev	fibl	0	 
ssmirnov	fibl	1	 
aleucht	fibs	1	Project Manager
andrewpike	fidel	1	 
ellswort	field-model	0	 
pmoran	field-model	1	 
bgrundmann	fil	1	 
photog	filderwetter	1	 
derletztekick	file-converter	1	 
slim23	file-extensions	1	 
smcardle	file-man	1	 
intavg	filecanner	1	 
keesfromspace	filelock	1	 
billysbar	filerename	1	 
dhernandezb	files-opx	1	 
hagenhuebel	filetrim	1	 
darrenjohnstone	fileuploadmod	1	 
geit	filex	0	Developer
marust	filex	0	Developer
tokaiz	filex	1	Developer
mikehardy	filterlib	1	 
saskew	filterlib	1	Project Manager
billysbar	filtersorttable	1	 
toanthrax	fimage	0	Tester
yetifoot	fimage	1	Project Manager
lambreto	fime	0	Developer
obekt	fime	1	 
sinnery	fime	1	Developer
slstlr	fime	1	Developer
ckarakus	financepatterns	1	 
anandsundaram	financialbase	0	 
wwwsq	financialbase	1	 
aniait	find-in-files	1	 
alex319	findbugs	0	 
alteoh	findbugs	0	Developer
andyandy	findbugs	0	Developer
bassclar	findbugs	0	Developer
ben_langmead	findbugs	0	All-Hands Person
briangoetz	findbugs	0	Developer
daveho	findbugs	1	 
dbrosius	findbugs	1	Developer
dhakim	findbugs	1	Developer
freter	findbugs	1	Developer
jspacco	findbugs	1	Developer
kjleftin	findbugs	1	 
ksteph	findbugs	1	 
marktdaly	findbugs	1	All-Hands Person
mmidgley	findbugs	1	 
natidea	findbugs	1	 
reformist	findbugs	1	Developer
rlazarus	findbugs	1	 
rohanl	findbugs	1	Developer
timothy_meyer	findbugs	1	 
wpugh	findbugs	1	 
lfengl	findbugs-jdev	1	 
ragskashyap	findbugsidea	1	 
andhallberg	findfile	1	 
marco_hallo	findresource	1	 
arykz	fineplatform	1	 
goldenhawk	finf	1	Project Manager
kunnis	finf	1	All-Hands Person
wyvernqueue	finf	1	Project Manager
jiglesias	finj	1	Project Manager
markphahn	finj	1	Developer
mirkasim	finj	1	Developer
bubble76	firebirdexpress	1	Developer
fire_foot	firefoot	1	 
eduardovalentim	firnix	1	 
maurofalcao	firnix	1	 
thiago_cabral	firnix	1	Developer
atlantico	firoz	0	Developer
yourdarkside	firoz	1	 
astronouth7303	firstclipse	1	 
bcbell	firstclipse	1	Developer
ehaskins444	firstide	1	 
istari2002	fistech	1	 
cratermoon	fit	0	Developer
davewoldrich	fit	0	 
gpiancastelli	fit	0	Developer
hugogarcia	fit	0	Developer
jlittle82	fit	1	 
lucholaf	fit	1	Developer
mbusik	fit	1	 
mfeathers	fit	1	Developer
mkelleyharris	fit	1	Developer
nashjain	fit	1	Developer
wardcunningham	fit	1	 
apis	fit-gui	1	Developer
andreasthiel	fitnesse	0	 
bjrady	fitnesse	0	 
carrja99	fitnesse	0	 
cbiegay	fitnesse	0	Developer
dchelimsky	fitnesse	0	Developer
deanwampler	fitnesse	0	Developer
firepoet	fitnesse	0	Developer
gojkoadzic	fitnesse	0	 
gs-fitnesse	fitnesse	0	Developer
i-m-fit-r-u	fitnesse	0	Developer
jbrains	fitnesse	0	Developer
jonathonmg	fitnesse	0	Developer
nashjain	fitnesse	0	Developer
ppagel	fitnesse	0	Developer
robertmartin	fitnesse	1	Unix Admin
rskoss	fitnesse	1	Developer
slagyr	fitnesse	1	 
dougfort	fixedpoint	1	 
jgriffin716	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
joegriffin	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
bradneuberg	flashjava	1	 
alexisisaac	flashmidi	1	 
dzenand	flashpm	1	 
flashnoi	flashservices	1	Developer
authorblues	flashstdlib	1	 
ikogan	flasm	1	Developer
mjnat	flasm	1	 
opaquedave	flasm	1	 
starkos	flatfour	1	Project Manager
matsys	flecxx	1	All-Hands Person
reinierz	fleeble	1	Project Manager
rjee	fleeble	1	Developer
b_a_stegmaier	flens	0	 
daeladus	flens	1	Developer
grholzi	flens	1	Developer
lehn	flens	1	Project Manager
sfsinger	flens	1	Tester
stippler	flens	1	Developer
tonn	flens	1	Tester
vepi	flens	1	Developer
vivekjoshi	flens	1	Developer
arnaud_vincent	flexbean	1	 
dagger_ar	flexiblesql	1	 
terrydoyle	flexitree	1	 
kriga	flexphpenv	1	 
markbrindle	flexunit	1	Project Manager
freixas	flib	1	 
markybry	flinkset	1	 
alainmoran	flmobf	1	 
mph76	floatapi	1	Developer
selma_daphne	floatapi	1	Developer
billme	floatingpoint	1	 
floeff	floeff	1	Project Manager
florianrobinet	florianrobinet	1	 
concas	floss-ar	1	Project Manager
lucafrr	floss-ar	1	Developer
marcodifr	floss-ar	1	Developer
ricky82	floss-ar	1	Developer
robyquare	floss-ar	1	 
sannd1982	floss-ar	1	Developer
escheffers	flow	0	Developer
gvdlooi	flow	1	Project Manager
rschaaf	flow	1	Project Manager
rvmeer	flow	1	Developer
rairon	floydeditor	1	 
babebibobu	flprevalence	1	 
jeison	flprevalence	1	Developer
clip	fltk	1	Developer
cortex	fltk	1	Developer
easysw	fltk	1	Project Manager
ercolano	fltk	1	 
hime	fltk	1	Developer
jamespalmer	fltk	1	Developer
laza2000	fltk	1	Developer
leka	fltk	1	Developer
matthiaswm	fltk	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
nafees	fltk	1	Developer
nickasil	fltk	1	 
ravne2000	fltk	1	Developer
robertk	fltk	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
rokan	fltk	1	 
spitzak	fltk	1	Developer
trilec	fltk	1	Developer
vincentp	fltk	1	Developer
xpxqx	fltk	1	Developer
mdesmond	fluideditor	1	 
odipar	fluix	1	 
microwerx	fluxions	1	 
devgirl	flyingcircus	1	Developer
dreamcatcher	flyingcircus	1	Developer
lalo	flyingcircus	1	 
mata_svada	fm-and-php	1	Developer
schubec	fm-and-php	1	 
ivarch	fm-submit	1	 
fhoukes	fml	1	 
hexasoft	fnccheck	1	Developer
pere	fnccheck	1	Developer
fishnetsoft	fndevelop	1	 
josefauer1980	fnr	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
smachhau	fnr	1	 
mastergaurav	foco	1	 
ericthorsen	foil	0	Developer
rhickey	foil	1	 
rekenwonder	foldercontents	1	 
rsfoley	foleyutilities	1	 
menrique	fonetiko	1	 
benlitchfield	fontbox	1	 
cong01	fontcode	1	Developer
mikeday	fontcode	1	 
xuehong	fontcode	1	Developer
greghmerrill	fontwidget	1	 
kavehshahbazian	foop	1	 
kg4mxz	foopl	1	 
jwuttke	for2html	1	 
sodemo	forasystems	1	Project Manager
mrdaemon	fore	1	Project Manager
asola	foredoclet	1	Project Manager
speedbump	foresite	1	 
o_rossmueller	forger	1	 
danleo	forkpackages	1	 
p_raymanujan	form-builder-x	1	 
cjuon	form4j	1	 
cstreiff	form4j	1	 
hbosshard	form4j	1	Developer
jkaser	form4j	1	Developer
phbucher	form4j	1	 
pvolery	form4j	1	 
colingrant	formattonecreat	1	 
ianbicking	formencode	1	 
gletiecq	formflood	1	Project Manager
nekromancer	formflood	1	Developer
alonsoft	formhammer	0	 
asola	formhammer	1	 
cfuzes	formhammer	1	Developer
gmatyi	formhammer	1	Developer
madbanny	formhammer	1	Developer
sravani	formhammer	1	 
hboutemy	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
mlconnor	formlayoutmaker	1	 
tekra	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
aeden	formproc	1	Developer
nixnixnix	formproc	1	Developer
thusted	formproc	1	Developer
acl4551	formps	0	Distributor/Promoter
buennagel	formps	1	All-Hands Person
mvandam	formps	1	Developer
regen_r8	formps	1	Developer
uskola	formps	1	Developer
w4z004	formps	1	All-Hands Person
eciloci	formulaengine	1	 
estebancabezudo	formularios	1	 
pdoane	fort	1	 
alexkid2000	fortesreport	0	Developer
dtiburcio	fortesreport	0	Tester
felipehf	fortesreport	0	Developer
higorcoelho	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
marquinhosnt	fortesreport	1	Developer
pipitonho	fortesreport	1	Developer
ronaldosmoreira	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
sremulador	fortesreport	1	Developer
weberdamasio	fortesreport	1	Developer
welvis_douglas	fortesreport	1	Developer
zoiaonline	fortesreport	1	Tester
vitaut	fortran-diagram	1	 
helter_skelter	forumimages	1	 
o2l	forumimages	1	Developer
adamrbates	fossology	0	Developer
bobgo	fossology	1	Project Manager
dgstangel	fossology	1	 
mary_l	fossology	1	Developer
nealk	fossology	1	Developer
nealk2	fossology	1	Developer
rrando	fossology	1	Developer
taggart	fossology	1	Developer
dillie-o	fotelo	1	 
ljnelson	foundry	1	 
danr6	fourtools	0	Developer
eanders	fourtools	0	Developer
gmajor	fourtools	1	Developer
qa_curmudgeon	fourtools	1	No specific role
rcyr	fourtools	1	Developer
exevp	foxcb	1	Developer
pavelsh	foxcb	1	Project Manager
dgehriger	foxgui	0	 
jvz	foxgui	1	 
lyle	foxgui	1	 
ewdi	foxserv	1	Project Manager
foxserv_epgs	foxserv	1	All-Hands Person
idub	foxserv	1	 
isaac_golding	foxserv	1	Developer
pim42	foxserv	1	 
wm_create	foxserv	1	 
biorn_steedom	foxtrot	0	Developer
simonebordet	foxtrot	1	Developer
francom	fractalkiss	0	Developer
kissadmin	fractalkiss	1	Project Manager
pafdeath	fractalkiss	1	Web Designer
podo	fractalkiss	1	Web Designer
marion	fraglets	1	 
richi	fraglets	1	 
framecode	framecodenet	1	Project Manager
gmt2001	framecodenet	1	Project Manager
highcorporation	framecodenet	1	Web Designer
ikoniari	framecodenet	1	Developer
nahime	framecodenet	1	Project Manager
ignrod	framelauncher	1	 
bragadeesh	framewave	0	Developer
david_huebel	framewave	0	No specific role
framewave	framewave	0	Support Manager
frankgorishek	framewave	0	No specific role
gyzhuang	framewave	0	Developer
hdroberson	framewave	0	Doc Writer
jalby	framewave	1	 
jayrhiremath	framewave	1	Project Manager
jrameshbe	framewave	1	 
jvelu	framewave	1	Content Management
kalyanjk	framewave	1	 
kiran_s	framewave	1	No specific role
mattsc	framewave	1	Tester
mschrein	framewave	1	Support Manager
phshah	framewave	1	Developer
pk-dev	framewave	1	Developer
pksv	framewave	1	Project Manager
pnolte	framewave	1	Project Manager
rahulkc	framewave	1	 
ravi-korsa	framewave	1	 
ravibanger	framewave	1	Developer
ravindrag82	framewave	1	 
renukgb	framewave	1	Support Manager
txbrent	framewave	1	 
pinom	frb	1	 
ahija	fred	0	Developer
manski-md	fred	1	 
ahija	fredserver	1	Developer
prakljir	fredserver	1	 
guilhermebf	free-package	1	 
sbvb	free-package	1	 
artifexx	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
huceke	free-xdk	1	Developer
justinkwaugh	free-xdk	1	Developer
tjfontaine	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
danielborges	free4project	0	Developer
rfferreira	free4project	0	Developer
sandrodennis	free4project	1	Project Manager
walterneto	free4project	1	Project Manager
allegdev	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
casanova	freeallegiance	1	Project Manager
doofus1201	freeallegiance	1	Developer
eldilotr	freeallegiance	1	Developer
leeroymonkey	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
mendsley	freeallegiance	1	 
your_persona	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
drrwebber	freeb-ubl	0	 
farrukh_najmi	freeb-ubl	1	Project Manager
stephen_green	freeb-ubl	1	 
freebedev	freebe	1	 
adrian_sutton	freecard	1	 
derobert	freecard	1	 
elmaco	freecard	1	 
fcalain	freecard	1	 
robterrell	freecard	1	 
smacdonald	freecard	1	 
ahuser	freeclx	1	Project Manager
amarkowitz	freeclx	1	Developer
czhower	freeclx	1	Project Manager
jt_borland	freeclx	1	 
mduncan	freeclx	1	Developer
mswindell	freeclx	1	Project Manager
ramesht	freeclx	1	Developer
mankitho	freeclx4sdl	1	 
bisnisdollars	freecode	1	 
dardoguidobono	freedoc	1	Project Manager
gastonramos	freedoc	1	 
arasa	freedomprog	0	Tester
codeadams	freedomprog	1	 
ghawk	freedomprog	1	 
thjvdb	freeeibide	1	 
ericb	freeelks	1	Project Manager
ikingifl	freeelks	1	Developer
jfiat	freeelks	1	Developer
kkkkg999	freeelks	1	Developer
kwaxer	freeelks	1	Developer
manus_eiffel	freeelks	1	Project Manager
pryomoax	freeelks	1	Developer
bero	freefilm	1	 
imipak	freefilm	1	Project Manager
jmellen	freefilm	1	 
alphakiller	freeflash	0	Developer
heldersuzuki	freeflash	0	Developer
nerd_	freeflash	1	Developer
pmatias	freeflash	1	Developer
glelston	freeform	0	Developer
mrslimedrink	freeform	0	Developer
voronkov	freeform	1	Developer
vindaci	freegetopt	1	 
andi75	freeglut	0	Developer
brianp	freeglut	0	Developer
cjp	freeglut	0	Developer
dheyse	freeglut	0	Developer
drgoldie	freeglut	0	Developer
fayjf	freeglut	1	Project Manager
joekrahn	freeglut	1	Developer
nhv	freeglut	1	Developer
olszta	freeglut	1	Developer
puggles	freeglut	1	Developer
sandalle	freeglut	1	Developer
sjbaker	freeglut	1	Project Manager
spanne	freeglut	1	All-Hands Person
jljljjl	freejava	1	 
azerr	freemarker	0	Developer
cameronbraid	freemarker	0	Developer
cederberg	freemarker	0	Developer
ddekany	freemarker	1	All-Hands Person
herbyderby	freemarker	1	 
jhudson8	freemarker	1	Developer
klotz	freemarker	1	No specific role
mnasato	freemarker	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
revusky	freemarker	1	Developer
stephanmueller	freemarker	1	All-Hands Person
szegedia	freemarker	1	No specific role
tfenne	freemarker	1	Developer
ishchenko	freemarkeridea	1	Developer
fcecin	freemmg	1	 
mgmartins	freemmg	1	Developer
rafael_jannone	freemmg	1	Developer
rreal	freemmg	1	Developer
udo_penner	freeprotocol	1	 
biserov	freereport	1	 
freerep	freereport	1	Project Manager
richardbarry	freertos	1	Developer
centrax	freescope	1	All-Hands Person
e-vikram	freescope	1	Developer
freescope	freescope	1	Project Manager
iceh	freescope	1	Developer
dtecta	freesolid	1	Developer
kwizatz	freesolid	1	 
manjunaths	freesolid	1	Developer
sborho	freesolid	1	Developer
bknightsb	freespeech	0	Developer
carle_cote	freespeech	0	Developer
jmvalin	freespeech	1	Project Manager
maestro	freespeech	1	Developer
miltman	freespeech	1	Developer
mlemay	freespeech	1	Developer
roboticist	freespeech	1	Developer
sideshow-pete	freespeech	1	Developer
vico_27	freespeech	1	Developer
vapier	freestdf	1	 
arrakis73	freestep	1	 
atalagk	freeterminology	1	 
juancrobles	freetpv	1	 
thaveman	freevm	1	 
azopteks	freewaste	1	Developer
carlos-mora	freewin	0	 
jamaj	freewin	0	Developer
mlacecilia	freewin	1	Developer
oskar78	freewin	1	 
renomas	freewin	1	 
vouchcac	freewin	1	 
walito	freewin	1	 
wmormar	freewin	1	 
xthefull	freewin	1	 
ytztech	freeworkgroup	1	 
mick_mac	fret	1	 
gerundt	frhed	0	Web Designer
jtuc	frhed	0	Developer
kimmov	frhed	1	 
fallwest94703	frijole	1	 
sajidkhattak	frisky	1	 
francisdobi	frobot	1	 
krphilabaum	frobot	1	Web Designer
se01015	fsbrowser	0	Developer
se01048	fsbrowser	0	Developer
wernerfragner	fsbrowser	1	 
immersion3	fsdevelopment	1	 
peterchen73	fsec	0	Developer
skonen	fsec	1	 
jfarr	fsfolder	1	 
murali_ca_us	fsgrep	1	Project Manager
djw2	fsm	1	 
sivachandra	fsmpp	1	 
eviston	fspaix	1	Project Manager
juancpaz	fspaix	1	Project Manager
fbos	fstreem	1	 
zatalian	ft89prog	1	 
arjenmarkus	ftcl	1	 
dujavi	ftdsuite	1	All-Hands Person
brlcad	ftgl	1	Developer
dtremenak	ftgl	1	Developer
henryj	ftgl	1	Developer
jeffm2501	ftgl	1	Developer
jwmelto	ftgl	1	Developer
sammy	ftgl	1	Developer
inolik	ftp4net	1	 
achim_f00bar	ftpsynchronizer	1	 
n08ody	ftutorial	1	 
brcummi	fulcrum	1	 
jdreid	fullcircle	0	Web Designer
pwhite2	fullcircle	1	Project Manager
agazza	funambol	0	 
fabricapo	funambol	1	Project Manager
halsteger42	funambol	1	Project Manager
jason_finkel	funambol	1	Developer
mukherjee	funambol	1	All-Hands Person
nichele	funambol	1	Developer
slick8086	funambol	1	Project Manager
smaffulli	funambol	1	Project Manager
stefano_fornari	funambol	1	Project Manager
brooke	functional-php	1	 
ygiraffe	functional-php	1	Developer
areff	functools	1	 
movement	functrace	1	Project Manager
dj_butler	fundementals	1	 
riaan	fundementals	1	 
bettina	funkwerk	1	 
funkman	furies	1	 
hellblazer14	fury2	0	Developer
janusfury	fury2	1	Project Manager
stadsport	fury2	1	Tester
wip	fury2	1	Tester
sosensible	fusebox	1	All-Hands Person
kylejb	fusion-gw	1	Developer
elcole	futurecar	1	 
alextesi	fuzzyreport	1	 
fvpat	fvpatwds	1	Project Manager
johnlamericain	fvpatwds	1	Developer
kwaker21	fvpatwds	1	Developer
ashokm_83	fvs	0	Developer
binaryman	fvs	1	Developer
jbing	fvs	1	Developer
shivangp	fvs	1	Developer
vlad_centea	fvs	1	Developer
wneat	fvs	1	Developer
xeraco	fvs	1	Developer
dossy	fxbook	1	Project Manager
tdjordan	fxbook	1	Editorial/Content Writer
neo07	fxds	1	 
agunghp	fxmlrpt	0	Developer
dmaster97	fxmlrpt	1	 
tekno	fxpltext	1	 
lyle	fxruby	1	 
hiscapness	fxutility	0	Developer
jimdaubert	fxutility	1	Developer
jlyonsmith	fxutility	1	Developer
jmaver	fxutility	1	Developer
pdm	fxutility	1	Developer
tburnham	fxutility	1	Developer
myamato	g-inspector	0	Developer
shige-sf	g-inspector	1	Developer
ljubo	g2	1	 
tijs	g2	1	Developer
wagner	g2	1	 
ballabio	g2dlib	1	 
artfulgotcha	g2f3	1	 
brianmalloy	g4re	0	 
jpower	g4re	0	 
nkraft	g4re	1	 
aviadbd	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
lumer	ga-fwork-net	1	 
sirwiz	ga-fwork-net	1	Developer
yuri_tsoy	ga-fwork-net	1	Developer
captoblivious	ga2	1	 
gsscoder	gac-get	1	 
magse	gadesignlib	1	 
orb	gadjit	1	 
albamuth	galacticfront	0	Graphic/Other Designer
jebak	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
songster	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
tsayles	galacticfront	1	Project Manager
zowie	galacticfront	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
maxkhaskin	galg	1	 
captoblivious	galileo	1	 
rvillaver	gallium	1	 
galor	galor	1	 
boddlnagg	gamadus	1	 
cruise_wd	game-math3d	0	Developer
jwatte	game-math3d	1	Project Manager
pauldubois	game-math3d	1	Developer
pbrane	game-math3d	1	Developer
adrak	gameblade	0	Developer
atomicdragon	gameblade	0	Developer
nhusted	gameblade	0	Developer
nimgil	gameblade	0	Developer
nokturn	gameblade	1	All-Hands Person
xeemz	gameblade	1	Developer
jrunge	gameconstruct	1	Developer
logarithm	gameconstruct	1	Developer
the-matrixman	gameconstruct	1	 
micro301	gameframework	1	 
adammil	gamelib	1	Developer
aussieeeeee	gamepower	0	Developer
backwardsdown	gamepower	0	Developer
compwiz18	gamepower	0	Developer
darkguy2008	gamepower	1	 
doddi07	gamepower	1	Developer
judo2	gamepower	1	Developer
krpors	gamepower	1	Developer
l_darkness	gamepower	1	Developer
mickeysofine	gamepower	1	Developer
stdio	gamepower	1	Developer
zohn	gamepower	1	Developer
blinks	gamma-tracker	1	 
emanuelgreisen	ganef	1	Developer
llanger	ganef	1	Project Manager
shanthakumar	gang	1	 
medu	ganimede	1	Project Manager
rstanciu	ganimede	1	Developer
thesfinx	ganimede	1	Developer
bopferma	ganymede	1	Developer
emillan	ganymede	1	Project Manager
ralmond	garnetlisp	1	Developer
rpgoldman	garnetlisp	1	 
sds	garnetlisp	1	Developer
starseeker	garnetlisp	1	 
ranf	garscreen	1	 
gkello	gasqlparser	1	Project Manager
guill	gasta	1	 
domivogt	gateguardian	1	 
sane-trotter	gates-dom	1	 
dpick	gaul	0	Tester
mckenzie_keith	gaul	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
stewartadcock	gaul	1	Project Manager
amc1	gausssoft	1	 
gwd1	gausssoft	1	 
ayashi	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
kxu	gbafromscratch	1	Developer
tb100	gbafromscratch	1	Developer
sdstrowes	gbamapedit	1	Developer
thekilled	gbamapedit	1	Developer
aocampioni	gbboleto	0	Developer
genilton	gbboleto	1	Project Manager
jrms1	gbboleto	1	Web Designer
kevinsmithbr	gbboleto	1	Developer
pecanha	gbboleto	1	Web Designer
smartbruce	gbboleto	1	 
vitorrubio	gbboleto	1	Developer
threequalizer	gbo	1	 
kreiker	gbt	1	Developer
oskarw	gbt	1	Developer
netsuvi	gcb	1	 
malizia	gcforcpp	1	 
abfinger	gcgreatcode	1	 
andrearpin	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
bgbarcus	gcgreatcode	1	Project Manager
cbeaudet	gcgreatcode	1	 
gary_ash	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
heiko_folkerts	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
hjmjohnson	gcgreatcode	1	 
oleson	gcgreatcode	1	 
yellowsheep	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
alex_hal9000	gcode	1	 
wickusmartin	gcomp	1	 
lermitagjo	gcon4j	1	 
alexsisson	gcpi	1	 
usander	gcplusplus	1	 
tgmg	gcpp	1	 
csmith	gcsf	1	 
lclement	gcsf	1	Developer
luoyuan	gcsf	1	Developer
mada_jlu	gcsf	1	 
stevemock	gcsf	1	 
wilfredli	gcsf	1	Developer
xwei	gcsf	1	Developer
yaoguang	gcsf	1	Developer
zding	gcsf	1	Project Manager
zhuyifan	gcsf	1	Developer
alexgirao	gcslib	1	 
michelazevedo	gcslib	1	Developer
nicholasamorim	gcslib	1	Project Manager
cjgarmar	gcweb	1	 
edsonto	gczeus	0	Developer
evbasso	gczeus	1	 
rjdsilv	gczeus	1	Developer
darxkies	gd-sharp	1	 
figjam68	gda	0	Developer
headhunter_mdk	gda	1	Project Manager
arnesol	gdapi	0	Developer
emoench	gdapi	0	Developer
jeremysears	gdapi	0	Developer
masogato	gdapi	1	 
vkbalamurali	gdapi	1	Developer
vladsfl	gdapi	1	Developer
dkionka	gdbi	1	Project Manager
rhthornburrow	gdbi	1	Developer
roland-d	gdbi	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tfmorris	gdbi	1	Developer
yalnifj	gdbi	1	Developer
cnerehw	gdbm-vc	1	 
robert_siqueira	gdc	1	 
nuno_silva_pt	gdengine	1	Developer
juunsuke	gds3	1	Project Manager
ndarnis	gdsl	1	Project Manager
genedavis	gdsprinting	1	 
riebmann	gearthcomapinet	1	 
sergio_belli	gebib	1	 
edafnai	geckoplugin	1	Developer
ereznetta	geckoplugin	1	Project Manager
improb	geckoplugin	1	Developer
nkivilis	geckoplugin	1	Developer
flow81	geclipse	1	 
spielc	geclipse	1	 
sergio_belli	gecomp	1	 
davek	gedcom-net	1	 
jgb3	gedcom-ruby	1	 
mblanton	gedcom2xml	1	 
ygicquel	gedit-funcbrows	1	 
arcax-ath	gekkoware	0	Developer
blacknash	gekkoware	1	Developer
compermisos	gekkoware	1	Developer
gnuget	gekkoware	1	Developer
gravedancer	gekkoware	1	Developer
h1pp1e	gekkoware	1	Developer
k001operator	gekkoware	1	Developer
marioly	gekkoware	1	Developer
milardovich	gekkoware	1	Developer
xiam	gekkoware	1	Project Manager
ciceron	gel	1	Project Manager
mbrock	gelatin	1	 
meenymojo	gelatin	1	All-Hands Person
lannguyenvn	gely	1	 
asura77	gem4mac	0	No specific role
shigeyuki	gem4mac	1	Project Manager
ravemanx	geminir	0	Developer
genedavis	gemms	1	All-Hands Person
brudner	gems4net	1	 
versat1474	genadonet	1	 
sivachandra	genc	1	 
bytethunder	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
infojunkie84	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
sverige	generic-wrkflow	1	Project Manager
marianor	genericdal	1	 
angnut	genesis-ist	0	Developer
genmeo	genesis-ist	0	 
luimon	genesis-ist	0	Developer
momasrl	genesis-ist	1	 
stephenrank	genesis-ist	1	Developer
kram1024	genesiscomp	1	Developer
magus_spirit	genesiscomp	1	Project Manager
executor_taron	gengine	0	Developer
kojaques	gengine	0	Doc Writer
mkernel	gengine	1	Developer
pjco	geniconxp	1	 
ggrosse	genie-framework	1	 
linbai	genie-framework	1	Developer
munichgrizzley	genie-framework	1	Developer
anees042	geniejython	1	 
slholmes	genmdixml	1	 
jjolly	genp	1	 
r3nh03k	genp	1	Developer
carmello	genpluginengine	1	Developer
kevin-duffey	genpluginengine	1	Project Manager
ddruff	genrd	1	 
bonsaikitten	gentoocygwin	1	Project Manager
brondsem	gentoocygwin	1	Developer
opensistemas	gentooforzaurus	1	 
wellhausen	genuine	1	 
zl25-drexel	geo-google	1	 
lambart	geode	1	 
robfollett	geolib	1	 
nritter123	geotiff-jai	1	 
shadow71	germanmacosx	1	Project Manager
denys_p	ges	1	 
petrenkomaxim	ges	1	 
benbe	geshi	1	Project Manager
chocmurderer	geshi	1	Developer
jtschannen	geshi	1	Developer
knutaldrin	geshi	1	Developer
milianw	geshi	1	Developer
netocrat	geshi	1	Developer
oracleshinoda	geshi	1	Project Manager
tim-w	geshi	1	Developer
stellwag	getabspath	1	 
dead_projects	getit	1	Project Manager
whyglinux	getopt-sample	1	 
tramm	getoptions	1	 
cbuguet	getthecolor	0	Developer
paul-gregory	getthecolor	1	Project Manager
georgeuoa	gexpa	1	 
burnin	gexperts	0	Developer
eberry	gexperts	1	Project Manager
shoffmeister	gexperts	1	Project Manager
twm	gexperts	1	Developer
jcfranks	gfc	1	 
cucumelo	gfclib	0	All-Hands Person
filipe_maia	gfclib	0	Developer
jcfranks	gfclib	1	Project Manager
krister	gfclib	1	Developer
zero_dogg	gfsi	1	 
mlavwilson	gfw	1	 
rafael_jannone	gfxlib	1	 
essial	ggamestudio	1	 
adamel	ggi	0	No specific role
agraef	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aldot	ggi	0	Tester
antrik	ggi	0	 
cegger	ggi	1	Developer
foske	ggi	1	Developer
fries	ggi	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
fspacek	ggi	1	Developer
ggibecka	ggi	1	Tester
mooz	ggi	1	Developer
neiljp	ggi	1	Tester
nsouch	ggi	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ortalo	ggi	1	Developer
orzo	ggi	1	Developer
pekberg	ggi	1	Developer
redmondp	ggi	1	Developer
riyu	ggi	1	Developer
rohara	ggi	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
skids	ggi	1	Developer
soyt	ggi	1	Web Designer
thayne	ggi	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
vvk_	ggi	1	Developer
allenb	ggt	1	Project Manager
aronb	ggt	1	Developer
dshipton	ggt	1	Developer
jahare	ggt	1	 
nonchocoboy	ggt	1	Developer
patrickh	ggt	1	All-Hands Person
subatomic	ggt	1	Project Manager
avramovic	ggtt	1	 
rohanr2	ghexcalc	1	 
hammered	ghosteam	1	Developer
kdihalas	ghosteam	1	Developer
lightshield	ghosteam	1	Developer
nohponex	ghosteam	1	All-Hands Person
rawwr	ghosteam	1	Developer
thanocpp	ghosteam	1	Developer
xlomo	ghosteam	1	Developer
zvis	ghwt	1	 
jgperrin1971	gi-commons	1	 
gstover	giggle	1	 
german_gonzo	gigocms	1	Project Manager
langelicajr	gigocms	1	Developer
bmarchesson	gilead	1	 
ajoo	gill	1	Developer
housisong	gill	1	Developer
papercranescut	gill	1	 
gb_architect	gimp-gpu	1	 
mrijk	gimp-sharp	1	 
neppanepenthes	gimp-sharp	1	Developer
oded_c	gimp-sharp	1	Developer
prokoudine	gimp-sharp	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
demomaker	gimp-vs	0	Developer
pierrebarthe	gimp-vs	1	Project Manager
sdarlington	gindent	1	 
zz_ziled	ginits-pax	1	 
daimon_hall	giotto	1	Project Manager
dudeofx	giotto	1	Developer
pda	giotto	1	Developer
spartan5	giotto	1	Project Manager
xentac	giotto	1	Developer
sjbrown	girls	1	 
kurtac1	gisi-pm	0	 
srk	gisi-pm	1	 
zillionics	giswrapper	1	 
mirrorsh	giter	1	All-Hands Person
ensonic	gitk	1	Project Manager
geek7	gitk	1	 
ianuti	gitk	1	Developer
mrandel	gitk	1	Developer
nordside	gitk	1	Developer
sast	gitk	1	Developer
sebpaul	gitk	1	Developer
will_mason	gizmos	1	All-Hands Person
bobserge	gjava	0	Developer
iamgreat	gjava	0	Developer
ismavatar	gjava	0	Developer
jamescaska	gjava	0	Developer
kalyan-sundar	gjava	0	Developer
luiscubal	gjava	1	 
porfirio	gjava	1	Developer
quadduc	gjava	1	Developer
randomizer	gjava	1	Developer
raymsmithuk	gjava	1	Developer
ruisuatp	gjava	1	Developer
sleija	gjava	1	Developer
techguyx	gjava	1	Developer
tgmg	gjava	1	Developer
andieb	gladius	0	Tester
legolas558	gladius	1	All-Hands Person
drgnslyr	glappgrapher	1	 
jo2y	gleak	1	 
gldm	gleditor	1	 
druid-	glgui	1	Project Manager
nonamehjb	glgui	1	Developer
yeseop	glgui	1	Developer
porton	glib-bind	1	 
rodarvus	glib-objc	1	Developer
ruda	glib-objc	1	Developer
dnedrow	glibc-darwin	1	 
alito	glimmer	1	All-Hands Person
chicane	glimmer	1	 
ryanw	glimmer	1	 
cmzach	glipkit	1	 
godlikemouse	glm-jsc	1	 
acelet	global-environm	1	 
markjvickers	gloss	1	Project Manager
dazuma	glow	1	Project Manager
nagle	glow	1	Developer
rowanjames	glow	1	Project Manager
dalat	glucene	1	 
elarson	gmail-api	0	Developer
johnvey	gmail-api	1	 
juantar	gmbigtemplate	1	 
ercan_ismail	gmc4j	1	 
mike-harding	gmc4j	1	Developer
kukukuan	gmcc	1	 
givemefish	gmfxml	1	 
nathancrews	gml2civil	1	 
lokan	gmlib	1	 
scorpio	gmodulemm	1	 
rothomp3	gmpplusplus	1	 
scop	gmuck	1	 
jcreem	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
karlnyberg	gnat-florist	1	All-Hands Person
krischik	gnat-florist	1	Project Manager
matli	gnat-florist	1	Developer
rombobeorn	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
martindowie	gnat4oa	1	 
mikegr	gnatsbrowser	1	 
jimsearle	gnatsperl	0	Developer
nuffle	gnatsperl	1	Project Manager
avsaway	gnavi	0	Developer
dbotton	gnavi	1	Project Manager
gdemont	gnavi	1	Developer
gressett	gnavi	1	Developer
jvandyk	gnavi	1	 
stephen_leake	gnavi	1	Developer
pgbaum	gnocl	1	 
wjgiddings	gnocl	1	Project Manager
herzi	gnome-gcj	1	Developer
osk	gnome-gcj	1	 
apakkan	gnome-turk	0	Developer
camcorder	gnome-turk	1	All-Hands Person
flau	gnome-turk	1	Unix Admin
kabalak	gnome-turk	1	 
sinan	gnome-turk	1	All-Hands Person
usta	gnome-turk	1	All-Hands Person
mosez	gnopaste	1	Project Manager
serhei	gnork	1	 
ackahn	gnotepad	1	 
dpaehl	gnsis	1	 
bdale	gnu-efi	0	 
noxorc	gnu-efi	1	 
altugbayram	gnu-tr	0	Developer
apassionplay	gnu-tr	0	Developer
coltekin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
deniz02	gnu-tr	1	Project Manager
dobidik	gnu-tr	1	Developer
elmaogullari	gnu-tr	1	Developer
engin	gnu-tr	1	Developer
erdinc	gnu-tr	1	Developer
flau	gnu-tr	1	Developer
hakova	gnu-tr	1	Developer
ilgici	gnu-tr	1	Developer
imacit	gnu-tr	1	Developer
meren	gnu-tr	1	Developer
nilgun	gnu-tr	1	Developer
opheus	gnu-tr	1	Developer
ozaygen	gnu-tr	1	Developer
rorqual	gnu-tr	1	Developer
sinan	gnu-tr	1	Developer
nikitis	gnu6	1	Project Manager
elsalvador	gnubuntu	1	 
dneighbors	gnue	1	 
jamesthom	gnue	1	 
jcater	gnue	1	 
freynaud	gnuegw	1	Developer
jeluard	gnuegw	1	Developer
jfpoux	gnuegw	1	 
neolynx	gnufondue	1	 
jemarch	gnumadrid	1	 
birge	gnumex	1	Project Manager
chulbe2lsu	gnumex	1	Developer
k10	gnumex	1	Developer
matthewbrett	gnumex	1	 
alford	gnuplot-py	0	Developer
bmcage	gnuplot-py	0	Developer
ingraldi	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
mhagger	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
parejkoj	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
conradpino	gnutelephony	0	Developer
dyfet	gnutelephony	1	 
scott_bailey	gnutelephony	1	Developer
rustino	gnutellalib	1	 
luciomaciel	gnutil	1	 
chris74	gnuwinapp	1	 
bayt	goanna	1	Developer
bobmarcum	goanna	1	Developer
butcherch	goanna	1	Developer
colin-adams	goanna	1	Project Manager
kwaxer	goanna	1	Developer
loryn	goanna	1	Developer
mqm	goanna	1	Developer
neallester	goanna	1	Developer
yuri_b	gobjects	1	 
anlei	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
berenddeboer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
christianmc	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
colin-adams	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
d_tuser	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
ericb	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
farnaud	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
gmc444	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
hey	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
ittarnavsky	gobo-eiffel	1	 
jfiat	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
karine_arnout	gobo-eiffel	1	Doc Writer
kwaxer	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
majkel-k	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
neallester	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
pgcrism	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
schoelle	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
svene	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
zsimic	gobo-eiffel	1	Developer
goddex	goddex	1	All-Hands Person
awwaiid	goe	1	Developer
feesh	gojo	1	Developer
zashi	gojo	1	 
worldmaker	golddotnet	1	 
dawmail333	golden-light	1	 
dwise111	golden-light	1	Graphic/Other Designer
asthomps	golib	1	Project Manager
gregoryrbaker	golib	1	Developer
ndcr1023	golib	1	Developer
gomb	gomba-php	1	 
fellow99	gomp	1	 
csilvers	goog-gflags	1	 
grprakash	googlipse	1	All-Hands Person
techieguy	googlipse	1	 
gigvivek	goscript	1	 
asahni	gotjava	0	Developer
cookspol	gotjava	0	Developer
gregorypierce	gotjava	0	Developer
igors	gotjava	0	Developer
jaaron_farr	gotjava	0	Developer
matt-jl	gotjava	1	Project Manager
neoflux	gotjava	1	Project Manager
rickross	gotjava	1	Project Manager
scottdelap	gotjava	1	Developer
sdelap	gotjava	1	Developer
vsima	gotjava	1	Developer
bandyt	gous	1	Project Manager
kaythespy	gous	1	Developer
pjsb	gous	1	Project Manager
ali_shabdar	gozaresh	1	 
aapotapov	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
alekhin	gpe4gtk	0	 
batek	gpe4gtk	0	 
bdemuth	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
bschuller	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
chengweiwang	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
codingbear	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
davidovda	gpe4gtk	1	 
deniscmc	gpe4gtk	1	 
dizhigul	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
dnpetrov	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
dwerwin	gpe4gtk	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
flueken	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
golbi	gpe4gtk	1	 
h4vard	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
hchhchde	gpe4gtk	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
hmersch	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
hohmannc	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
immars	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
ioodints	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
kentemich	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
kuracharybda	gpe4gtk	1	 
labutin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
likun-liu	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
lkirtchakova	gpe4gtk	1	 
lukichev	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
piotrbala	gpe4gtk	1	 
quick-qi	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
ratering	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
rocamendez	gpe4gtk	1	 
sandra87	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
slanzarini	gpe4gtk	1	 
vanniand	gpe4gtk	1	 
vashorin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
vhuber	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
vnryabin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
yirin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
slizardo	gpgext	1	 
undees	gpib-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
pdalet	gpib82357a	1	 
tvierling	gplv2	1	Project Manager
nooper	gppfront	1	 
alexsott	gpsd	1	 
flatyre	gpullover	1	 
a-shneyderman	grackit	1	 
auctmore	grainedlogin	1	 
rmihal	grammar2parser	1	 
graphcontrol	graphcontrol	1	 
giorgio83	graphcontrols	1	 
per	graphico	1	 
doobaq	graphil	1	Developer
hryczuk	graphil	1	Developer
pafinde	graphil	1	 
pafinde2	graphil	1	Developer
wiktor	graphil	1	Developer
cehardin	graphiteapi	1	 
acme	graphviz-perl	1	 
rohanprabhu	grassroot	1	 
benthurston	grasssmml	1	 
base13	graysky	1	 
champion	graysky	1	Developer
a-shneyderman	grdevtools	1	 
dtakamori	grdevtools	1	Developer
farocco	grdevtools	1	 
kaewkasi	grdevtools	1	 
shaguf	greatindiandeve	1	 
shaiguitar	greatmodel	1	 
mipsator	gredit	1	 
cbridgerg00	greenengine	0	 
davidgao89	greenengine	0	 
jeromiya	greenengine	1	 
icelus	greenfinch	1	 
wibrahim	greenfinch	1	Developer
tompr1234	greenflag	1	 
c_wraith	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
jmkf	gretel	1	Developer
michalyoung	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
thundercow	gretel	1	Developer
akirschbaum	gridarta	1	Project Manager
christianhujer	gridarta	1	Project Manager
derdanny	gridarta	1	Project Manager
gros	gridarta	1	Developer
kbulgrien	gridarta	1	 
longir	gridarta	1	Developer
michtoen	gridarta	1	Developer
rjtanner	gridarta	1	Developer
ryo_saeba	gridarta	1	Developer
smacky	gridarta	1	Developer
swegecko	gridarta	1	Developer
z0ra	gridarta	1	Developer
piascikj	gridiron	1	 
t1deman	gridiron	1	Developer
barryfp	gridkit	1	Developer
p_grace	gridkit	1	 
jgoodson	gridsoft	1	 
ogsb	gridutility	1	 
calumfodder	grinder	0	Developer
jwk330	grinder	0	Developer
lemeunier	grinder	0	 
philipa	grinder	1	 
vmitov	grinder	1	Developer
fjvanes	groove	0	Developer
fladder	groove	1	Developer
iovka	groove	1	Developer
kastenberg	groove	1	Project Manager
mzimakova	groove	1	 
rensink	groove	1	 
zambon	groove	1	 
jervin	groovy-monkey	1	Project Manager
daniel_martins	groovydice	1	 
ulyssessouza	groovyoneclipse	1	 
hship	gropt	1	 
misterdj	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
mrguide	grouptool	1	 
zay	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
drmacro	grove4j	0	Developer
gra_moore	grove4j	1	 
jackpark	grove4j	1	Developer
jheintz	grove4j	1	Developer
wigleys	grove4j	1	Developer
cavac	grumpfzotzlinux	1	 
matt_n	grunt	1	 
anunez	grupohci	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	grupohci	1	Developer
evo_lemon	grupohci	1	Developer
javapandit	grupohci	1	Developer
lpezet	grupohci	1	Developer
prashantkvc	grupohci	1	Developer
recrea	grupohci	1	Developer
reddendon	grupohci	1	Developer
rodrigo_ramirez	grupohci	1	Developer
snandan	grupohci	1	Developer
mbowler	gsbase	1	Project Manager
svetzal	gsbase	1	Developer
bstpierre	gscheduler	1	 
cosmo_k	gscheduler	1	 
maddog39	gse	1	 
adamkangas	gsk	0	 
bantham	gsk	0	Developer
davebenson	gsk	1	 
gus_shaffer	gsk	1	 
mrad	gsk	1	 
nsalehi	gsk	1	Developer
twitkamp	gsk	1	Developer
warezio	gsk	1	 
gsse	gsse	1	 
ajmitch	gstreamer	0	Developer
benow	gstreamer	0	Developer
cael	gstreamer	0	Developer
colinwalters	gstreamer	0	 
company	gstreamer	0	Developer
dilinger	gstreamer	0	Developer
dlehn	gstreamer	0	Developer
dobey	gstreamer	0	Developer
dolphy	gstreamer	0	Developer
dschleef	gstreamer	0	Developer
ensonic	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
hadess	gstreamer	1	Developer
jesimon	gstreamer	1	Developer
jpritikin	gstreamer	1	Tester
jyasskin	gstreamer	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
lmjohns3	gstreamer	1	Developer
mmeeks	gstreamer	1	Developer
murrayc	gstreamer	1	 
nodatadj	gstreamer	1	Developer
omegahacker	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
ow3n	gstreamer	1	Developer
r0garcia	gstreamer	1	 
rbultje	gstreamer	1	Developer
richardb	gstreamer	1	Developer
sackrtp	gstreamer	1	Developer
sbaker3	gstreamer	1	Developer
sxpert	gstreamer	1	 
teebaum	gstreamer	1	Developer
teuf	gstreamer	1	Developer
thaytan	gstreamer	1	Developer
theuraeus	gstreamer	1	All-Hands Person
thomasvs	gstreamer	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vishnu	gstreamer	1	 
wingo	gstreamer	1	 
wtay	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
yippi	gstreamer	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
zak147	gstreamer	1	Developer
drewpc	gstring	1	 
sirrusty	gswboards	1	 
jonped	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
ucmueller	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
brad_beveridge	gtengine	1	Project Manager
keef	gtengine	1	Analysis / Design
keless	gtengine	1	Developer
woz1010	gtengine	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pablorg	gtframework	1	 
chris_y	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
csirac	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
evasilakis	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
hfrieden	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
hnl_dk	gtk-amiga	1	Project Manager
nicomen	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
shoepower	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
tfrieden	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
verhaegs	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
pcostabel	gtk-cocoa	1	 
abreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
awreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
benh57	gtk-osx	0	Developer
laprock	gtk-osx	0	Project Manager
lesoinne	gtk-osx	0	Developer
mrsid	gtk-osx	0	Developer
robinrowe	gtk-osx	1	Project Manager
sarcone	gtk-osx	1	Developer
gtk-server	gtk-server	1	 
bratsche	gtk-sharp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mkestner	gtk-sharp	1	 
borup	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
cowens	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
dlacroix	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
dov-g	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
ebassi	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
ggc	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
glade-perl	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
gthyni	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
jcurbo	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
joered	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
kaffeetisch	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
muppetman	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
noiddicle	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
rwmcfa1	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
leidola	gtk2forpascal	0	Developer
mgaertner	gtk2forpascal	1	 
tbzatek	gtk2forpascal	1	Developer
as49	gtk2hs	1	 
dg22	gtk2hs	1	Developer
duncan_coutts	gtk2hs	1	Developer
ggd	gtk2hs	1	Web Designer
josve	gtk2hs	1	Developer
juhp	gtk2hs	1	Developer
pgavin	gtk2hs	1	 
saettaz	gtkcombogrid	1	 
antoniorm	gtkd	1	 
mailund	gtkeditor	1	 
mslicker	gtkeditor	1	 
dangruhn	gtkextra	0	Developer
dov-g	gtkextra	0	Developer
ensonic	gtkextra	0	Doc Writer
feiguin	gtkextra	1	Project Manager
gandy	gtkextra	1	Developer
kohni	gtkextra	1	Developer
kornos	gtkextra	1	Doc Writer
mscottn	gtkextra	1	 
rgipps	gtkextra	1	Developer
rwalden	gtkextra	1	Developer
troyer	gtkextra	1	 
arnetheduck	gtkextramm	1	Developer
btb	gtkextramm	1	Developer
david_larson	gtkextramm	1	Developer
gustin	gtkextramm	1	Developer
murrayc	gtkextramm	1	Developer
rottmann	gtkextramm	1	Developer
rvinyard	gtkextramm	1	Developer
tni	gtkfc	1	Project Manager
corsepiu	gtkglext	0	 
sbrunet	gtkglext	1	 
tshead	gtkglext	1	Developer
matpe	gtkhexmap	1	Project Manager
bmiller	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
robflynn	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
warmenhoven	gtkimhtml	1	Project Manager
aholzmann	gtkmm	0	Developer
btb	gtkmm	0	Developer
cactus	gtkmm	0	 
daniel_e	gtkmm	0	Developer
hvr	gtkmm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jnthnjng	gtkmm	1	Project Manager
kenelson	gtkmm	1	Developer
llanero	gtkmm	1	 
murrayc	gtkmm	1	Developer
mxpxfifws	gtkmm	1	Developer
olly1	gtkmm	1	Web Designer
plerner	gtkmm	1	 
tdukes	gtkmm	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
terop	gtkmm	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
hansiglaser	gtkpas	1	 
fenkys	gtkpp	1	Project Manager
mapopa	gtksharpfire	1	 
ch4chiperriman	gtksnippets	1	 
ch4chiperriman	gtksourcecomple	1	 
alainmaison	gtkspell	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
datallah	gtkspell	1	Developer
eeyem	gtkspell	1	 
eperez	gtkspell	1	Developer
gauthierm	gtkspell	1	 
noif	gtkspell	1	Developer
sgarrity	gtkspell	1	Content Management
gemi	gtkswing	1	 
ryan_marsh	gtkswing	1	 
scapel	gtkwidgexts	1	 
taf2cs	gtkwireless	1	 
agstools	gtkwrap	1	 
lirong	gtkwrapper	1	 
wengwei	gtkwrapper	1	Developer
dockurt2k	gtlregex	1	Developer
tekinico	gtlregex	1	Developer
epiotr	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gaupe	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
greatnorthern	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jjsanchez	gtranslator	1	Developer
kabalak	gtranslator	1	 
neuro	gtranslator	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
psanxiao	gtranslator	1	Developer
rossigee	gtranslator	1	Developer
wingbyte	gtwain	1	 
temporal	guf	1	 
ferici	gui	1	Developer
gega	gui	1	Project Manager
paton	guia	1	 
foof	guile-sdl	0	Developer
joels	guile-sdl	1	 
newchief	guileplayer	1	 
andrev	guilt	1	 
gulfsoft	gulfsoft	1	 
mageos	guli	1	 
zincou	guml	1	 
haggpe	gunit	1	 
alixaxel	guns	1	 
donho	gup-w32	1	 
jason379	gut	1	Project Manager
tischnoetentoet	gvhupdater	1	Developer
drizzt	gvrflash	1	 
misha	gvrflash	1	Graphic/Other Designer
cvollrath	gvtags	1	 
adegert	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
aquamaniac	gwenhywfar	1	Project Manager
crazyed57	gwenhywfar	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cstim	gwenhywfar	1	Developer
dbreiser	gwenhywfar	1	Tester
frank-sforge	gwenhywfar	1	Tester
gkhh	gwenhywfar	1	Tester
gunnicom	gwenhywfar	1	Tester
ipwizard	gwenhywfar	1	Tester
pdevrijer	gwenhywfar	1	Tester
rbla	gwenhywfar	1	Tester
chrisalfonso	gwt-netbeans	1	 
craigmackay	gwt-netbeans	1	Developer
rmalinowski	gwt2swf	1	 
jtwoee	gwtonrails	1	 
gwtoolkit	gwtoolkit	1	 
erikxiv	gxl	1	All-Hands Person
mindtriggerz	gxmlmts	1	 
jasonthereaper	h-xoops	1	Developer
leepard	h-xoops	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
migrosdata	h-xoops	1	DBA (Database Administrator)
smokingplane	h-xoops	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
xavipr	h-xoops	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hmcclungiii	h3xcel	1	 
ferraro	ha-javamail	1	 
ferraro	ha-jdbc	1	Project Manager
djerome	hackerlabs	1	 
gaaseng	hackerlabs	1	 
duncan_coutts	haide	1	Developer
josve	haide	1	 
skurtzberg	haide	1	Developer
macro187	halfdecentsharp	1	 
hambo_account	hambo	0	No specific role
zaheed	hambo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dredd	hammerhead	1	 
etnt	hammerhead	1	 
mdwyer	hammerhead	1	 
nfx3	hammerhead	1	Developer
balareddy007	hammurapi	0	 
dunai2004	hammurapi	0	 
germinal	hammurapi	0	 
jayramj	hammurapi	0	 
joskulj	hammurapi	0	Developer
mucbj0	hammurapi	0	 
pvlasov	hammurapi	1	 
sglee77	hammurapi	1	 
tasneem	hammurapi	1	Developer
tgtrspencer	hammurapi	1	 
vpvaidya	hammurapi	1	 
zilogger	hammurapi	1	 
cismaru	hangman-ruby	1	 
cayel	hanoi	0	Developer
tirsen	hanoi	1	Project Manager
doughellmann	happydoc	1	 
krlosaqp	happydoc	1	 
wrobell	happydoc	1	 
marcosgambeta	harbourboleto	0	 
marioargon	harbourboleto	1	Project Manager
masturm	harbourboleto	1	Developer
roblez	harbourminigui	1	 
bleything	harmonize	1	 
mgl	harness	1	 
mczard	harpoon	1	 
ncopa	haserl-gnats	1	 
bennygr	hashlib2plus	1	 
rsynnott	hashman	1	 
francescomele	hashmap-js	1	 
wap-de	hashtree	1	 
ashley-y	haskell-i18n	1	 
norpan	haskell-i18n	1	 
pesco	haskell-i18n	1	 
abayley	haskell-libs	0	Developer
arnia	haskell-libs	0	Developer
astapov	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ben-franksen	haskell-libs	0	Developer
bring	haskell-libs	0	Developer
cql	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ddarius	haskell-libs	0	Developer
demoncrat	haskell-libs	0	Developer
dmoniz	haskell-libs	0	 
eleganesh	haskell-libs	1	Developer
elmex	haskell-libs	1	Developer
eris	haskell-libs	1	Distributor/Promoter
grahamk	haskell-libs	1	 
igloo	haskell-libs	1	 
ijones	haskell-libs	1	 
joe_thornber	haskell-libs	1	Developer
juhp	haskell-libs	1	Developer
kzm	haskell-libs	1	Developer
loganhanks	haskell-libs	1	No specific role
mlang	haskell-libs	1	Developer
msjogren	haskell-libs	1	 
nerdlor	haskell-libs	1	 
nibro	haskell-libs	1	Developer
nrut	haskell-libs	1	No specific role
oleg	haskell-libs	1	Developer
pesco	haskell-libs	1	Developer
peti	haskell-libs	1	Developer
polli	haskell-libs	1	Developer
pseudonym	haskell-libs	1	Developer
tetryl	haskell-libs	1	Developer
tmoertel	haskell-libs	1	 
whee	haskell-libs	1	 
bereza	haste	1	 
carle	haste	1	Developer
davidcrosby	haste	1	Developer
gaffneyc	haste	1	 
malles	haste	1	Developer
marsiglia	haste	1	Developer
nedric	haste	1	Developer
spiffy101a	haste	1	Developer
tenharmsel	haste	1	 
anglewyrm	hat-container	1	 
leventyildiz	hattat	1	 
xored	hawk	1	 
ashley-y	hbase	1	 
kleiner77	hbci4java	1	 
generalpd	hbci4net	1	Project Manager
jcr13	hcsoftware	1	 
las30	hcsoftware	1	Developer
iv-cap1	hcssdk	1	Project Manager
cehser	hddata	1	 
dionadar	hddata	1	Developer
dylancm	hedgehog	1	Developer
reubgr	hedgehog	1	 
hermosoft	hedit	1	 
xengren	heliominitutor	1	 
altamaiz	helloworld2	0	Developer
priyatam	helloworld2	1	 
consc198	helm4apppacks	1	All-Hands Person
andre_savini	helpdesk1	0	 
andre_viali	helpdesk1	1	 
medjamaica	helpdesk1	1	Project Manager
tds_fasp	helpdesk1	1	Developer
bbadmin	helpgui	1	 
leeper	helpgui	1	Developer
dwineman	herecast	0	Developer
mdpaciga	herecast	1	 
athlonscripts	hermesweb	0	Developer
avz	hermesweb	0	 
einhverfr	hermesweb	1	Project Manager
farmatyr	hermesweb	1	Developer
gunaaditya	hermesweb	1	Developer
henrycav	hermesweb	1	Tester
jameshoo	hermesweb	1	Developer
martoh	hermesweb	1	Tester
munchkinboy	hermesweb	1	Tester
neptune235	hermesweb	1	Graphic/Other Designer
netdb	hermesweb	1	Developer
qdiggityd	hermesweb	1	Developer
sapman	hermesweb	1	Developer
tallackn	hermesweb	1	Tester
cdiggins	heron	1	 
mlybbert	heron	1	Project Manager
batyi	hessianpy	1	Developer
hevi	hevi	1	 
candera	hex	1	All-Hands Person
tewald	hex	1	All-Hands Person
brianahr	hexane	1	 
benh57	hexedit	0	Developer
bradman	hexedit	0	Developer
dan_morrow	hexedit	0	Developer
fingolfin	hexedit	0	Project Manager
nickshanks	hexedit	0	Developer
raving	hexedit	1	Project Manager
shadowknight23	hexedit	1	Developer
sieghard	hexedit	1	Developer
tomplus	hexedit	1	Developer
nonvolatil	hexeditswt	1	 
tekhn	hexel	1	 
rheiny	hexered	1	 
omnium	hextool	1	 
shadow_firebird	hey-pling	1	 
inolik	hfc4net	1	 
hcdaume3	hfl	0	Developer
pseudonym	hfl	1	Project Manager
skurtzberg	hfl	1	Developer
hec	hfx	1	 
hotgazpacho	hgfw	1	 
sjprowell	hglib	1	 
ihex	hhex-hutil	1	 
cylab	hial	0	Developer
divzero	hial	1	No specific role
qudus	hial	1	Project Manager
xjeren	hibasic	1	 
anthonyhib	hibernate	0	Developer
antonvs	hibernate	0	Developer
astahlhut	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bradclow	hibernate	0	Developer
broubach	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
caoxg	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
csturm	hibernate	0	Developer
dbradby	hibernate	1	Developer
dchannon	hibernate	1	Developer
dimitry	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dougcurrie	hibernate	1	Developer
epbernard	hibernate	1	Developer
esfahan	hibernate	1	 
gloeglm	hibernate	1	Developer
hirotoyu	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
honma	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
immanuel	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jdkim528	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jon_lipsky	hibernate	1	Developer
jstepka	hibernate	1	Doc Writer
kabkhan	hibernate	1	Developer
kreimerkreimer	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
loonix	hibernate	1	Developer
loubyansky	hibernate	1	Developer
marshall_law	hibernate	1	Developer
matsebc	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
maxcross	hibernate	1	 
maxcsaucdk	hibernate	1	Developer
oneovthafew	hibernate	1	Developer
paoloperrotta	hibernate	1	Developer
patriot1burke	hibernate	1	Developer
pgmjsd	hibernate	1	Developer
starksm	hibernate	1	Developer
stephanwiesner	hibernate	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
steveebersole	hibernate	1	Developer
theute	hibernate	1	Developer
turin42	hibernate	1	Developer
bmarchesson	hibernate4gwt	1	 
jens_meiss	hibernate4gwt	1	Developer
lucasas	hibernate4gwt	1	Developer
dbradby	hibernator	1	 
carterpage	hibernex	1	 
preylude	hidam	1	 
haripanicker	hideandseek	1	 
datique	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
evandro_machado	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
hierarchicalmap	hierarchicalmap	1	 
hsekiguchi	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
psilveirap	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
hiitch	hiitch	1	 
polyhill	hill-lily	1	 
amca	hini	1	 
muellero	hippie-occur	1	 
keesh	hktreeview	1	All-Hands Person
cbrinegar	hli	1	 
alexgarzao	holo	0	 
bonatto	holo	1	Project Manager
dfranz	holo	1	Tester
dormento	holo	1	Developer
glermen	holo	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
guilazzari	holo	1	Developer
maddog666	holo	1	All-Hands Person
otavio	holo	1	Developer
rogerio_martins	holo	1	Developer
stdfk	holo	1	Developer
c-avare	holongate	1	Project Manager
danielmazurek	holongate	1	 
fortuna	homebase	1	 
axxl	honkele	1	 
ginge	hoogle	1	 
erwan_lemonnier	hook-filter	1	 
nvoxland	hoople	1	 
bdompe	hopper	0	Developer
cyberdex	hopper	0	Unix Admin
javalori	hopper	1	Project Manager
mike0ee	hopper	1	Developer
pstanar	hopper	1	Developer
timbreitkreutz	hopper	1	Project Manager
pyropix	horde3dnet	1	Project Manager
anacletoa	hornero	1	 
kenfitzpatrick	hosteduserhelp	1	 
buildmeister	hoteldejava	1	 
kevin_lee	hoteldejava	1	Project Manager
csg7020	hotfusion	1	 
nicok	hotfusion	1	 
armenio	hotstuff	1	Developer
mgrant79	hourglass	1	Project Manager
nthier	hourglass	1	Developer
esjackson	hp	1	Web Designer
stormy_peters	hp	1	Project Manager
orosznyet	hq-ms	1	 
jarisep	hrclass	1	 
pace	hrprof	1	 
imwebsoft	hrwebapp	1	 
shanners	hsbc-xmlapi	1	 
singletrack	hsbc-xmlapi	1	Developer
pynoos	hsocket	1	Project Manager
fsl	hsqldb-plugin	1	 
hswing	hswing	1	 
draghetto	ht-commons	0	Developer
markoumek	ht-commons	0	 
nethyperon	ht-commons	1	 
bappa	htkit	0	 
koyeung	htkit	1	 
kuntal_s	htkit	1	 
s2001in	htkit	1	 
pvax	html-dom	1	 
dannyholstein	html-lv	1	 
anarquiax	html2php	1	 
rebusnet	htmlcodeconvert	1	 
nicolaasuni	htmlcolors	1	 
nicolaasuni	htmlentities	1	 
moechofe	htmlform	1	 
moreejt	htmlobject	0	Developer
pcxuser	htmlobject	1	 
k_koch	htmlp	1	Developer
smsisko	htmlp	1	Developer
felenka	htmlparselib	1	 
derrickoswald	htmlparser	1	Project Manager
dwalters128	htmlparser	1	Developer
ian_macfarlane	htmlparser	1	Developer
somik	htmlparser	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bfchen	htmlpure	1	 
edwardzyang	htmlpurifier	1	All-Hands Person
iscariot	htmlssm	1	Project Manager
lordstrange	htmlssm	1	Developer
niatox	htmlssm	1	Developer
skidz	htmlssm	1	Developer
nicolaasuni	htmlstrings	1	 
arthurdo	htmltok	1	 
kaotao	htmltok	1	Developer
petermichalek	htmltok	1	 
nicolaasuni	htmlurls	1	 
arturkeska	htom	1	 
chaneilfhios	htstring	1	Developer
ricpelo	httlcseifspa	1	 
cbrooks	http-recorder	1	 
seanjw	httpauthplus	1	 
bullmount	httpcomp-net	1	 
sachin_guru	httpguru	1	 
rocketraman	httpspy	1	 
russgold	httpunit	1	All-Hands Person
wolfgang_fahl	httpunit	1	 
smeyfroi	hud	1	 
stacycurl	hud	1	Developer
gilead	huf	1	 
askosyr	hugecollections	0	Developer
v_glazov	hugecollections	0	Developer
yuriytkach	hugecollections	1	Project Manager
lafitteinexile	hugonomicon	1	Developer
skullduggery	hugonomicon	1	Project Manager
albertoco	humano2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
celgueta	humano2	0	Developer
edbong	humano2	1	 
excedor	humano2	1	 
humano2	humano2	1	Developer
marijn	humano2	1	Project Manager
rconcha	humano2	1	Developer
pombredanne	humanoid	1	Developer
gabrie1	hun	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hoka_adam	hun	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
kami_	hun	1	 
dherington	hunit	1	 
feddejager	hunter-tools	1	 
tweety_04_01	hunterogl	1	 
itakenami	hurricane-phpfw	1	 
alexstrickland	hwgui	0	Developer
alkresin	hwgui	1	Project Manager
andijahja	hwgui	1	Developer
druzus	hwgui	1	Developer
fperillo	hwgui	1	Developer
fsgiudice	hwgui	1	 
giuseppem	hwgui	1	Developer
jamaj	hwgui	1	Developer
laverson	hwgui	1	Developer
lculik	hwgui	1	Project Manager
lfbasso	hwgui	1	Developer
lf_sfnet	hwgui	1	Developer
marcosgambeta	hwgui	1	Developer
mauriliolongo	hwgui	1	Developer
mlacecilia	hwgui	1	Project Manager
omm	hwgui	1	 
ptsarenko	hwgui	1	Developer
richardroesnadi	hwgui	1	Developer
rodrigo_moreno	hwgui	1	Developer
sandrorrfreire	hwgui	1	Project Manager
mad4j	hwh	1	 
huckster-rus	hwslib	1	 
b-ignaces_9	hx-p	0	 
ghost-90	hx-p	0	 
sorror	hx-p	1	 
yig_yig6	hx-p	1	 
choipd	hydra-core	0	Unix Admin
hunee	hydra-core	1	 
scarkoo	hydra-core	1	Developer
shepelt	hydra-core	1	Developer
maronoff99	hydra3d	1	Developer
joebartley	hyena	1	 
ultralight32	hypernetdb	1	 
hywen	hywen	1	 
dlinsin	i-trax	1	 
dirkhillbrecht	i18nedit	1	Project Manager
ppeterburgskyy	i18nedit	1	Developer
dmitry_kulik	i2cprog	1	 
lukepeterson	iadatatypes	1	 
mauriceling	ib-dwb	1	Project Manager
ceharon	ibaccess	0	 
comiac	ibaccess	0	 
hubble	ibaccess	0	 
oan42	ibaccess	0	 
tonim	ibaccess	1	Developer
cbegin	ibatisbreakdown	1	Project Manager
masukomi	ibatisbreakdown	1	Developer
cbegin	ibatiscontrib	1	 
rrabe	ibatiscontrib	1	 
sellig	ibatiscontrib	1	 
thusted	ibatiscontrib	1	 
cbegin	ibatisdb	1	Developer
cbegin	ibatisjpetstore	1	 
bgoodin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cbegin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
kawaic	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rrabe	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
sellig	ibatisnet	1	Developer
thusted	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
ringdal	ibootadvanced	1	 
troy_melhase	ibpy	1	Developer
ambelovsky	ibtlib	1	All-Hands Person
candb_dev_lead	ibug	1	Developer
marktoml	ibug	1	Developer
rainyjyu	ibug	1	Developer
rcleveng	ibug	1	Developer
kcidsoft	ibuttonlib	1	 
bmoseley	ical4j	0	Developer
fortuna	ical4j	1	 
miked	ical4j	1	Developer
rletness	ical4j	1	Developer
jasonkl	icalendar	1	Project Manager
thunderzone	icg	1	Developer
vladeck	icg	1	Developer
desnoix	icon-collection	0	Developer
rbarkhouse	icon-collection	0	Developer
westbay	icon-collection	1	 
gilril	iconsearch	1	 
mennigmann	icsp	1	 
kekaneshrikant	icuvmf	0	 
kotharisa	icuvmf	1	All-Hands Person
royflex	icuvmf	1	Developer
ghostdev85	icyowl	1	 
abhihere	id-validate	0	Developer
alicubed	id-validate	0	Developer
iddycol	id-validate	1	Project Manager
iddytwo	id-validate	1	Developer
kenci	id-validate	1	Developer
mcavoym	id-validate	1	Developer
mpanayot	id-validate	1	Developer
prashantkvc	id-validate	1	Developer
robbie_79uk	id-validate	1	Developer
robinkohli	id-validate	1	Web Designer
saunup	id-validate	1	Graphic/Other Designer
wortony	id-validate	1	Developer
abscess	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adcockj	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cmumford	id3lib	0	Developer
fnheiden	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fsziegler	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
shadrack	id3lib	1	Project Manager
slackorama	id3lib	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
t1mpy	id3lib	1	Project Manager
thefrogprince	id3lib	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bernardoh	idal	1	 
corieu	idal	1	Developer
pepax	idal	1	Developer
jonathansimon	idata	1	 
jrfonseca	idc	1	 
swmasters	ide-master	1	Project Manager
aysenurengil	ide4db	0	 
ayteng	ide4db	0	Editorial/Content Writer
gezginv	ide4db	0	Tester
haky	ide4db	1	 
oeker	ide4db	1	Developer
azalsup	ideada	1	 
smardec	ideagestures	1	 
christianth	ideaimporter	0	Developer
manuo	ideaimporter	1	Project Manager
nilsha	ideaimporter	1	 
magsilva	ideais	1	 
hendriks73	ideajad	1	 
rsfeir	ideajbossplugin	1	 
ubik	ideajbossplugin	1	Developer
lokedhs	ideamacs	1	 
mckeonm	ideamacs	1	Developer
blackp	ideas	1	 
shiruipeng	ideas	1	 
rmaddy	ideavim	1	 
damato	identifylib	0	Project Manager
shredzone	identifylib	1	All-Hands Person
thboeckel	identifylib	1	Developer
chandlerc	ideproject	1	Developer
chavetech	ideproject	1	Web Designer
jsorah	ideproject	1	Developer
zappa2	ideproject	1	Developer
lokeshrj	idict	1	 
akabla	idil	1	Project Manager
sbesson	idil	1	All-Hands Person
jwhite909	idsharp	1	 
idsl2_software	idsl2fd	1	 
mreckz	idux	1	 
allanblackwell	idxml	0	Developer
cheetah100	idxml	1	Developer
mike_hart	idxml	1	 
puddpunk	idxml	1	Developer
talios	idxml	1	Developer
csprivate	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
zedl	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
fhtino	iec16022sharp	1	 
edivargas	ienjinia	1	Developer
egarduno	ienjinia	1	Developer
fcastrillo	ienjinia	1	Developer
magoghm	ienjinia	1	 
nycteris	ienjinia	1	Developer
vofka	ierror	1	Developer
bjoern_decker	iese-sop	1	Developer
dazi	iese-sop	1	Developer
doppelmutzi	iese-sop	1	Project Manager
emmy82	iese-sop	1	Developer
eric_ras	iese-sop	1	Developer
iese-sop	iese-sop	1	 
jaseeger	iese-sop	1	Project Manager
joerg_rech	iese-sop	1	Developer
macmillan78	iese-sop	1	Developer
matthias_schuff	iese-sop	1	Developer
menzimuck	iese-sop	1	 
oezzyu	iese-sop	1	Developer
thomre	iese-sop	1	Developer
arekmenner	ifi-picloader	0	Developer
astronouth7303	ifi-picloader	1	Developer
jdong2002	ifi-picloader	1	 
rwaliany	ifi-picloader	1	 
ionflux	iftools	1	Project Manager
christianmock	igame3dluas	1	Developer
igame3d	igame3dluas	1	 
mrblog	igame3dluas	1	All-Hands Person
arturbac	iglwidget-clx	1	 
rharder	iharder	1	Project Manager
iulianilea	ii-sso	1	 
juergen_ebert	iicontrol	1	 
vnesek	iim4j	1	 
wax90	iip	1	 
bentcd	ijtree	1	Project Manager
ajrw-cywolf	ika	0	Developer
escovan	ika	0	No specific role
janusfury	ika	0	Developer
khross	ika	0	Developer
the_speed_bump	ika	1	Project Manager
ttthrasher	ika	1	Web Designer
wip	ika	1	Developer
allbeck	ikan	1	 
indukumar	ikcommons	1	 
ik_5	ikhebtools-fpc	1	Project Manager
vmedina	ikirux	1	 
ikore	ikore	1	 
adean_75	ilabs	0	Support Manager
deribas	ilabs	1	Support Manager
irmo28	ilabs	1	Project Manager
lanomik	ilabs	1	 
mhuang	ilabs	1	Developer
mmajczak	ilabs	1	Developer
thanos	ilabs	1	Project Manager
vshaykev	ilabs	1	Developer
anisotropy9	ilisp	0	Developer
bill_clementson	ilisp	0	Developer
craigly	ilisp	0	Developer
kevinrosenberg	ilisp	0	Developer
marcoxa	ilisp	1	Developer
mkoeppe	ilisp	1	Developer
mna	ilisp	1	Developer
rgrjr	ilisp	1	Developer
sgreenhill	illumination	0	Developer
tteuling	illumination	1	Project Manager
cchampion	iloa	1	 
jpapes	iloa	1	All-Hands Person
sbarbo	iloa	1	Project Manager
kenfitzpatrick	imagebuttonbean	1	 
gesha	imagej	1	 
claudenw	imago	1	Project Manager
parmadil	iman-macosx	1	 
dbarth	imc	1	 
natmaka	imc	1	Project Manager
alberanid	imdbpy	1	Developer
cowo	imdbpy	1	Developer
jespern	imdbpy	1	Developer
master_jaf	imdbpy	1	Developer
uyar	imdbpy	1	Developer
iofw	imediabrowser	1	Developer
lightningrod220	imediabrowser	1	 
judison	imglisted	1	 
gallysoft	imperoupdater	1	Developer
andrelouw	impi	0	Developer
elabuschagne	impi	0	Developer
gvandyk	impi	1	 
hgeldenhuys	impi	1	Developer
woutervdberg	impi	1	Developer
nkohji	implessbean	1	 
ellisj	importscrubber	1	Developer
tomcopeland	importscrubber	1	Developer
gladalex	impression	1	Developer
nmanser	impression	1	Doc Writer
xdoc	impression	1	Project Manager
rgrieselhuber	imshell	1	 
hedrik	imutillib	1	All-Hands Person
magi42	inanna	1	 
mdp24	incgraph	1	 
schneidh	indecision	1	 
cherrymathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
jkoshy	indic-computing	1	Project Manager
k_nagarajan	indic-computing	1	Developer
tap2k	indic-computing	1	Developer
savaki	indigofdd	1	 
meddochat	indy-net	1	 
mr_jusz	ines	1	 
nouiz	inetsock	1	Project Manager
nouiz2	inetsock	1	 
gerrit_daniels	infinitum8	1	Developer
loko	infinitum8	1	Developer
adrenaline	infinity	1	 
thefez	infinity-plus-1	1	Developer
bwcto	infodock	1	 
lucacappelletti	infodomestic	1	Project Manager
bjoli141	infonode	1	Project Manager
creator	infonode	1	Developer
jfn	infonode	1	Developer
groboclown	inform-warez	1	Project Manager
bel70	informa	0	Developer
cryptoalex	informa	0	Developer
danieludatny	informa	0	Developer
dhalbrook	informa	0	Developer
filipvanlaenen	informa	0	Developer
italobb	informa	0	Developer
jga	informa	0	Developer
krebsj	informa	0	Developer
mharhen	informa	0	Developer
niko_schmuck	informa	1	Project Manager
nileshbansal	informa	1	Developer
padark	informa	1	Developer
pitosalas	informa	1	Developer
ratnakardev	informa	1	Developer
shacharbz	informa	1	Developer
spyromus	informa	1	Developer
trondkl	informa	1	Developer
wieben	informa	1	Developer
chinaray	infovista	1	 
escalope	ingenias	1	Project Manager
pacblanch	ingenias	1	Developer
rubenff	ingenias	1	Developer
zoftwarero	ingenias	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	inifile	1	Project Manager
mkosmul	inifile	1	Developer
revlis	inihandler	1	 
bwbarrett	inilib	1	 
jsquyres	inilib	1	 
igor_mikhailov	injectobject	1	 
rhymed	inkmenu	1	 
triggertv	inkmenu	1	Tester
patrick_leb	inline-java	1	Project Manager
melquiades	innig-util	1	 
otbsupport	innosetuppe	1	 
dafsoftware	innova	1	 
mjmaisey	inprocess	1	 
inerte	inseasd	1	 
tzimanchun	insecticida	1	Project Manager
alexorso	insectj	1	Project Manager
aniljc	insectj	1	Developer
aseesing	insectj	1	Developer
clausej	insectj	1	Developer
raulsantel	insectj	1	Developer
tapiwattanapong	insectj	1	Developer
whalfond	insectj	1	Developer
wvgool	insectj	1	Developer
gilthiago	insightprocess	1	 
welshleo	inspace	1	 
kestlert	inspecteur	1	 
void_de	install-toolkit	1	Project Manager
fbsd-dev	install6	1	 
damonc	installjammer	1	 
frabcus	installlib	1	Project Manager
locnar	installoptions	1	Project Manager
olesha	installtstr	1	 
pwithnall	instil	1	Project Manager
techtonik	int13ext	1	 
ayers3	intars	0	Developer
carolinw	intars	0	Developer
markus_reuss	intars	0	Developer
pirminb	intars	1	Project Manager
ralf_e	intars	1	Developer
nixnixnix	integradata	1	 
bartcr	intelli-plugins	1	 
ad-rocha	intellime	1	Project Manager
cleiton_diniz	intellime	1	 
osvaldo_andrade	intellime	1	 
arborint	interchphplib	1	Developer
jjacobs	interchphplib	1	Support Manager
allen_oneill	internetdirect	0	Developer
apmee	internetdirect	0	Developer
bas_gooijen	internetdirect	0	 
ccostelloe	internetdirect	0	Developer
choppc	internetdirect	0	Developer
csmithtx	internetdirect	0	Developer
czhower	internetdirect	1	Project Manager
dennieschang	internetdirect	1	Developer
dkosinski	internetdirect	1	Developer
dlsiders	internetdirect	1	Developer
doychin	internetdirect	1	Developer
gambit47	internetdirect	1	Developer
gdgrieve	internetdirect	1	Developer
hhariri	internetdirect	1	 
i_cohen	internetdirect	1	Developer
jpmugaas	internetdirect	1	 
jrgunkel	internetdirect	1	Developer
neillans	internetdirect	1	Developer
rmoberg	internetdirect	1	Developer
sgrobety	internetdirect	1	Developer
slaven	internetdirect	1	Developer
vmvassiliev	internetdirect	1	Developer
stefan_ratschan	interval	1	Developer
sven_buente	interval	1	Developer
timhickey	interval	1	Project Manager
wittenberg	interval	1	Developer
jcfranks	inti	1	 
andimei	intoj	0	Developer
forsterf	intoj	0	Developer
pmayer	intoj	1	 
steimann	intoj	1	Developer
spavkov	intuition	1	 
ndwx	invoy	1	 
eric256	io-simple	1	 
dmytro_bogovych	iocpclasses	1	 
davygrvy	iocpsock	1	Project Manager
jbuckman	iocpsock	1	Developer
patthoyts	iocpsock	1	Developer
iogui	ioguigrid	1	All-Hands Person
olobodaestepe	ioguigrid	1	Doc Writer
brixen	ioke	1	 
enzo	iolib	1	 
cheungming	ior	0	Developer
faisal.mir	ior	1	Project Manager
kragsterman	ior	1	 
avibryant	iowa	1	 
eligreen	iowa	1	 
jfitzell	iowa	1	Project Manager
khaines	iowa	1	Developer
pragdave	iowa	1	Developer
evakichi	ipat	1	 
no_comment	ipbwi	1	 
umarnizamani	iphysics	1	 
huxoll	iplib	1	Project Manager
ihaggard	iplib	1	Developer
lgilbert	iplib	1	All-Hands Person
streboryaj	iplib	1	All-Hands Person
wmhegarty	ipony	1	Project Manager
tm243	ippfp	1	Developer
moonkhan	ipphonelib	1	Developer
n0m0r3	ipphonelib	1	Project Manager
apankrat	ipsec2k	1	 
kontramot	ipstream	1	 
brianphaley	ipv6finder	1	 
gabeyg	iqua	1	 
n_sergiu	ircaddin	1	 
dorkiaa	ircontrol	0	Developer
isotop_	ircontrol	1	 
zieno	irecords	1	 
fraggle	irmo	1	 
bmarleyfr	irrklangwrapper	1	 
afecelis	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
bgruber	irrlicht	0	Developer
bitplane	irrlicht	1	Unix Admin
engineer_apple	irrlicht	1	Developer
epetitje	irrlicht	1	Developer
hybrid	irrlicht	1	Developer
irrlicht	irrlicht	1	 
lukeph	irrlicht	1	Developer
saigumi	irrlicht	1	Developer
seiml	irrlicht	1	Developer
teella	irrlicht	1	Developer
braitmml	irrlichtnetcp	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
deusxl	irrlichtnetcp	1	Project Manager
lester_dev	irrlichtnetcp	1	Unix Admin
artefaritaj	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
austcro	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
braneloc	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
foole	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
hungryangus	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
the_bob	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
valnarus	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
fabiorecife	is-webstart	1	 
fabiosw83	is0708-gruppo1	1	 
fabio-silva	ischeduler	1	 
cedricshih	iscm	1	 
agr1	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
boraso	iscsitarget	1	Tester
cheungming	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
kragsterman	iscsitarget	1	 
maffione	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
tomof	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
grothues	isdlib	1	 
tobias_lehmann	isits	1	 
yg2f	isl	1	All-Hands Person
darkwave	isoj2me	1	 
jakuza	isoj2me	1	Developer
lesion	isoj2me	1	Developer
lucha	isoj2me	1	Developer
mitomane	isoj2me	1	Developer
perniolagi	isoj2me	1	Developer
pincocazzillo	isoj2me	1	 
st991512	isoj2me	1	Developer
muetze1	isolib	1	Developer
nalilord	isolib	1	Developer
philips_usb	isp176x-hcd	1	 
mlaan	ispp	0	Project Manager
yackimoff	ispp	1	Developer
mkobold	isql	1	All-Hands Person
swing_fox	isql	1	No specific role
thebee	isql	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
zanatoly	isqlreport	1	 
hobbs	isqltcl	1	 
jleffler	isqltcl	1	 
kumarsri	isqltcl	1	 
tiesel	isqltcl	1	Developer
peterbe	issuetracker	1	 
chfreund	istbad	1	Project Manager
felipeconde	isvalidator	0	No specific role
inigoserrano	isvalidator	1	Project Manager
shenchilang	italk-plugin	1	 
stevenking80	itausebb	1	 
imbe	itcllib	0	 
kraney	itcllib	1	 
marhar	itcllib	1	 
f4ecw	itoa	1	 
scanferlato	itoa	1	Developer
meaderubenstein	itpgpm	1	 
molaschi	itpm	1	 
jmarranz	itsnat	1	 
iv-ans1	ivlayer	0	Developer
iv-cap1	ivlayer	1	Project Manager
iv-har1	ivlayer	1	Developer
atomos	ivm	0	Developer
bobdayley	ivm	1	 
cbiffle	ivm	1	Doc Writer
darkphotn	ivm	1	Developer
davidaustin	ivm	1	 
droren	ivm	1	Developer
freekerf	ivm	1	Developer
gerbil	ivm	1	Developer
jayanthi	ivm	1	Developer
jler	ivm	1	Developer
joe7pak	ivm	1	Developer
miajdan	ivm	1	Developer
midzic	ivm	1	 
ning	ivm	1	Developer
raczy	ivm	1	Developer
raptorslc	ivm	1	 
risosir	ivm	1	Developer
rshoemake	ivm	1	Developer
sbarton2	ivm	1	 
ssrinivasan	ivm	1	Developer
swdave	ivm	1	Developer
the-raven	ivm	1	Developer
trimethyl	ivm	1	Developer
padrem	ivt	1	 
adamskogman	ivyplugins	0	Developer
chsn	ivyplugins	0	 
henrikreinhold	ivyplugins	0	Developer
sfbouchard	ivyplugins	0	Developer
ulsa	ivyplugins	1	Project Manager
nathloup	iwroot	0	Developer
pgouard	iwroot	0	 
ricard33	iwroot	1	Project Manager
totoro77	iwroot	1	Developer
vbontoux	iwroot	1	Developer
chemeto	ixdp4xx	1	Developer
kshuang	ixdp4xx	1	All-Hands Person
vrecion	ixedit	1	 
smaffer	ixemolla	1	 
copeepoc	ixlib	1	Developer
inducer	ixlib	1	 
cehbab	ixml	1	 
robertw012	ixpress	1	All-Hands Person
bmax	ize	1	 
khertan	izieditor	1	 
joomlatworkteam	j-devtools	1	 
luice	j-impa	1	 
zilvester	j-owl	1	 
tyanh	j-sim	1	 
ttegoeh	j2b	1	 
benedwards	j2ee-fusebox	1	 
fusemonkey	j2ee-fusebox	1	 
happytoad	j2ee-fusebox	1	Developer
perlfreak	j2ee-fusebox	1	 
philduba	j2ee-fusebox	1	Developer
pmcelhaney	j2ee-fusebox	1	Developer
xoconnick	j2ee-fusebox	1	 
vmassol	j2eeunit	1	 
sroccaserra	j2me-game-demo	1	 
bradcc	j2me-game-lib	1	Developer
eso	j2me-lib	1	Developer
gwhemming	j2me-microgui	0	Developer
mcpierce	j2me-microgui	1	Project Manager
guillermocalvo	j2mefs	1	 
piratis	j2megl	1	 
mwaisberg	j2melib	1	 
bohemius	j2meunit	1	Developer
brunnosilva	j2meunit	1	Developer
eso	j2meunit	1	Project Manager
juntao	j2meunit	1	 
rpa_rio	j2secontrols	1	Project Manager
vijayaraghavank	j2uml	1	 
rschoening	j2xtreme	1	 
oderin	j4bib	1	 
hjawaid	jaad	1	 
ksevindik	jabbar	1	 
pgmillard	jabbercom	1	 
tguzik	jabbercom	1	Developer
chrwei	jabberlib	1	 
jsmecham	jabberlib	1	 
zelphyr	jabberlib	1	 
abelsson	jabcpp	0	Developer
gmacgregor	jabcpp	1	Project Manager
tcharron	jabcpp	1	 
titanite	jabcpp	1	Developer
mpregent	jabls1	1	Project Manager
laurentmartelli	jac-aop	1	 
nur	jac-aop	1	 
bibok	jaccessmngr	1	 
dtint87	jaccessmngr	1	Developer
yizha	jaccessmngr	1	Developer
cowwoc	jace	1	Developer
rreyelts	jace	1	 
octangle-7	jackrava	1	 
clay_shooter	jacob-project	1	Project Manager
danadler	jacob-project	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
robertsearle	jacob-project	1	Developer
schmidlinf	jacob-project	1	 
dsteeber	jacol	0	Developer
lowdermilk	jacol	1	 
vyzo	jacomma	1	 
amahier	jacs	0	Developer
sdusart	jacs	1	 
don_raspu	jactivating	1	 
gmega	jadaptiveforms	1	 
pkjbr	jadaptiveforms	1	 
ddepta	jade-platform	1	 
ddepta	jade-tools	1	Developer
ddepta	jadebarcodes	1	 
akinsgre	jadetower	0	 
jaaron_farr	jadetower	1	 
dcherk	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
drobert	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
jmacdonald	jadeutil	1	 
deadf00d	jadex	1	Developer
dirkbade	jadex	1	Developer
zthree	jadex	1	Developer
svu	jados	1	 
mcquak	jadsi	1	 
antony_corfield	jafer	1	Developer
colin_tatham	jafer	1	Developer
gilksd	jafer	1	Developer
mdovey	jafer	1	Project Manager
stanberka	jafu-lite	1	 
mikkey	jagzilla	1	 
kfgodel	jaht	1	All-Hands Person
maxvaz	jaht	1	No specific role
haelias	jajppd	1	 
briankdlee	jakarta-k	0	Developer
delight777	jakarta-k	0	Developer
dsaint31	jakarta-k	0	Developer
fog_rain	jakarta-k	0	Developer
freezie	jakarta-k	0	Developer
hbsongwz	jakarta-k	0	Developer
herblover	jakarta-k	0	Developer
hongtab	jakarta-k	0	Developer
iasandcb	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
jjmah	jakarta-k	1	Developer
joonoh74	jakarta-k	1	Developer
jrriu	jakarta-k	1	Developer
jwhe	jakarta-k	1	Developer
kaymury	jakarta-k	1	Developer
kenu	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
keunsikhong	jakarta-k	1	Developer
kimsk010	jakarta-k	1	Developer
kkojipjima	jakarta-k	1	Developer
ledzpl	jakarta-k	1	Developer
millyseon	jakarta-k	1	Developer
miojio	jakarta-k	1	 
nameislocus	jakarta-k	1	Developer
neoctrl	jakarta-k	1	Developer
noelogist	jakarta-k	1	 
oiehato	jakarta-k	1	Developer
puretak	jakarta-k	1	Developer
risc2	jakarta-k	1	Developer
sciv	jakarta-k	1	Developer
seveny	jakarta-k	1	Developer
simji0202	jakarta-k	1	Developer
soma815	jakarta-k	1	Developer
strongberry	jakarta-k	1	Developer
suribada	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
totwi	jakarta-k	1	Developer
visavis2k	jakarta-k	1	Developer
visharp	jakarta-k	1	Developer
xpert2	jakarta-k	1	Developer
fprog	jakecpplib	0	Developer
overflo	jakecpplib	1	 
elmartinfierro	jala	1	 
gatomatic	jala	1	 
mtedone	jamailet	1	 
cyrilm	jamlib	0	Developer
raorn	jamlib	1	Developer
n_alex_rupp	jammies	1	Project Manager
rcolliton	jammies	1	Project Manager
stevesouza	jamonapi	1	 
axelp	jamsel	0	Developer
hjawaid	jamsel	1	 
d98thand	janalyzer	0	Developer
e7andy	janalyzer	1	 
e7jojje	janalyzer	1	Developer
gritsay	janalyzer	1	 
jerano	janalyzer	1	Developer
fishermen21	janus-plugin	0	Developer
thomas-m	janus-plugin	1	 
lasa	jaol	1	 
sposh	jap	1	 
hellayena	japhpadoc	0	Developer
naholyr	japhpadoc	1	 
fmurialdo	japic	1	Project Manager
ibondre	japic	1	 
ingosax	jarch	1	 
arnelim	jarclassloader	1	 
erik_van_zijst	jarcraft	1	 
zantvoort	jarcraft	1	 
marco_7777	jarexplorer	1	 
zantvoort	jargo	1	 
bhafer	jargx	1	 
stevemcmee	jarinspector	1	 
tobias_hoffmann	jarinspector	1	Developer
ghinkl	jarjunkie	1	 
tfenne	jarjunkie	1	 
najgor	jarminator	1	 
kostakoko	jarsearchtool	1	 
tombrus	jarsniffer	1	 
brown_j	jarspy	1	Developer
syhaas	jarwizy	1	Developer
shfarr	jasar	1	 
jeroenvoogt	jasciidammit	1	 
gvelo	jasf	1	 
michelg	jasm-game	1	 
jasper-lang	jasper-lang	1	 
comsoft1908	jaspercall	1	 
bklawans	jasperreports	0	Developer
gt78	jasperreports	0	Developer
lucianc	jasperreports	1	Developer
sgwood	jasperreports	1	Developer
shertage	jasperreports	1	Developer
teodord	jasperreports	1	Project Manager
gayansource	jasperwrapper	1	 
bacco77	jatclib	0	Developer
matrix--	jatclib	1	Developer
andresg	jatisat	0	Developer
dnielben	jatisat	1	 
fmontes	jatisat	1	Developer
jgonzal	jatisat	1	Developer
mriveros	jatisat	1	Developer
freality	jautotest	1	 
verhagent	java-arg-val	1	 
fikin	java-container	1	 
benhogan	java-eek	1	 
joeretro	java-eek	1	Developer
a_r_ferreira	java-fu	1	 
cix_foo	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
elias_naur	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
kappa1	java-game-lib	1	Developer
kevglass	java-game-lib	1	Developer
matzon	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
spasi	java-game-lib	1	Developer
mdspencer	java-joint	1	 
avibhamare	java-libs	1	Project Manager
bab	java-readline	0	Developer
bablokb	java-readline	1	Project Manager
hzeller	java-readline	1	 
zpsenior	java-remoting	1	 
thomas_weise	java-sfc	1	 
marcotozzini	java-sms-api	1	 
netdever	java-speedy	1	 
gragus	java-tools	1	 
forger77	java-util-lib	1	 
scottft	java-web-admin	1	 
mirkoz	java2cdif	1	Project Manager
awaredreams	java3dgamesdk	1	Project Manager
jdeford	java3dsloader	1	 
rdeford	java3dsloader	1	 
sockterrier	java3dsloader	1	Developer
droguski	javaacl	0	Developer
rmalinowski	javaacl	1	 
ragutimar	javaaspell	1	 
trevorolio	javaatomiclibs	1	 
cs343	javabdd	0	Developer
cunkel	javabdd	0	Developer
gback	javabdd	0	Developer
jgmorard	javabdd	0	Developer
joewhaley	javabdd	1	Project Manager
kokkalis	javabdd	1	Developer
livshits	javabdd	1	Developer
suifdra	javabdd	1	Developer
jelz2yk	javabeans	1	 
bayard	javabeantester	0	Developer
micah_modell	javabeantester	1	Project Manager
rpeckhoff	javablackjack	1	 
chrislorenz	javabluetooth	1	Project Manager
aurphir	javabuggers	1	 
europasystems	javacandies	1	 
altos-z	javacard-proxy	1	 
javacelot	javacelot	1	Project Manager
rhursti	javachecker	1	 
mbreese	javacloth	1	 
guusbosman	javaconfig	1	No specific role
realrolfje	javaconfig	1	Developer
t_chemit	javacurse	1	 
bbell2000	javadatepicker	1	 
nsushkin	javadoc-search	1	 
p-salnikov	javadrom	1	Developer
sstanchfield	javadudeeclipse	1	 
clheiny	javaelvis	1	 
geniot	javaflashbridge	1	 
hootan_n	javaforms	0	Developer
naeeem	javaforms	1	 
naeem	javaforms	1	 
sehsanm	javaforms	1	 
seyyedjamal	javaforms	1	 
maccaf	javagfl-lib	1	Project Manager
jljljjl	javahacks	1	 
dustin_little	javahr	1	Developer
chousz	javahtmlparser	1	 
rcresposf	javahtmlparser	1	Developer
songjing	javaintegrity	1	 
kryst4l	javaj	1	 
perdian	javalauncher	1	 
backupsshnet	javaloganalyser	1	Developer
gilstrap	javalogging	1	Project Manager
kgentle	javalogging	1	Developer
rsmith7209	javamaf	1	 
iterson	javamatch	1	 
joshguyette	javamirc	1	 
ademaraguiar	javaml	0	Developer
gjbadros	javaml	1	Project Manager
mboutoukou	javaml	1	 
stonecobra	javaml	1	Developer
jkristian	javanuggets	1	 
joshsmoore	javaobjectdata	1	 
nareshnaidup	javaobjectdata	1	 
swaroopj	javaobjectdata	1	Developer
haui	javaparty	1	Developer
moschny	javaparty	1	Developer
pollini	javaparty	1	Developer
rveldema	javaparty	1	 
huntc	javapdi	1	 
smichaud	javaplugin	1	 
glvgfz	javapng	0	Developer
herbyderby	javapng	1	Developer
luner	javaprofiler	1	 
marek	javaprofiler	1	 
michalpise	javaprofiler	1	 
petrul	javaprofiler	1	 
stolis	javaprofiler	1	 
vachis	javaprofiler	1	 
rexguo	javapsd	1	 
anjahauth	javaquantity	1	Developer
mkempka	javaquantity	1	Developer
rgrzywinski	javarcx	1	 
friendfx	javaregextester	1	 
hkleo	javareview	1	 
demian0311	javasandbox	1	 
joellimardo	javascriptix	1	 
mathewparet	javascriptlib	1	 
anzez	javaselector	1	 
tycordinal	javasignalslot	1	 
cac_cguo	javasip	0	Developer
cac_hjiang	javasip	0	Developer
cac_kxie	javasip	0	 
cac_qjiang	javasip	0	 
cac_yxu	javasip	0	 
chaopsychochick	javasip	0	 
dadrox	javasip	1	Developer
deanhiller	javasip	1	Developer
fastdragon	javasip	1	Developer
tomimas	javasom	1	 
darach	javaspider	0	 
egamma	javaspider	1	Developer
kbeck	javaspider	1	 
rferrer	javaspy	1	 
sgodsell	javasss	1	 
jpw	javastarter	1	 
wjadams	javasvnupdater	1	 
binny	javasysinfo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
michael_davey	javasysinfo	1	Developer
zebdefrar	javasysinfo	1	Project Manager
dadrox	javatoolkit	1	 
demian0311	javatoolkit	1	Developer
jeklsoft	javatoolkit	1	Developer
chrisbitmead	javatools	1	 
prosenjit	javatrace	1	 
alan13	javatui	1	 
vesa_karvonen	javautils	1	Developer
fzammetti	javawebparts	1	Developer
herros	javawebparts	1	Developer
szabtam	javawebparts	1	Developer
francisco_cpg	javawindowsapi	1	 
paulo_ortolan	javawizard	1	 
wcherry69	javaworkflow	1	 
captainpierce	javaxinput	1	 
nurulc	javaxmlstream	1	Project Manager
prunicki	javelintools	1	 
ushakeel	javocado	1	Developer
vmarchese	jawflow	1	 
hasseeb_java	jaword	1	 
phillippettit	jaxdiag	1	 
bazzargh	jaxen	0	Developer
ebolwidt	jaxen	0	Developer
emcgreal	jaxen	0	Developer
jdvorak	jaxen	0	Developer
jstrachan	jaxen	1	Project Manager
mbelonga	jaxen	1	Developer
mbrennan	jaxen	1	Developer
paulrbrown	jaxen	1	Developer
proyal	jaxen	1	Project Manager
purpletech	jaxen	1	Developer
slehmann	jaxen	1	 
szegedia	jaxen	1	Developer
werken	jaxen	1	Developer
xcut	jaxen	1	Developer
joerg_wassmer	jaxlib	1	Project Manager
jay_krell	jaykrell	1	 
iae	jazz	1	Developer
i_vern	jazz	1	 
fabrice_carnet	jbackbrowse	1	 
bihaiko	jbanana	1	Developer
eduardobk	jbanana	1	Doc Writer
fpierre	jbanana	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
graphyt	jbanana	1	Web Designer
hectorgarzon	jbanana	1	 
jonathan_gci	jbanana	1	Developer
kemmel	jbanana	1	Developer
marcato	jbanana	1	Developer
nakashima007	jbanana	1	Developer
rhsumiya	jbanana	1	Developer
ricardo_gci	jbanana	1	Developer
rvalentin	jbanana	1	Developer
sgoda	jbanana	1	Developer
wistuba	jbanana	1	Developer
weirdpanda	jbarcode-scan	1	 
dwalters	jbarcodebean	1	All-Hands Person
mhanisch	jbarcodebean	1	Developer
shixiaodan	jbase	1	 
simas_ch	jbatchengine	1	 
angus_ymchan	jbcheckstyle	1	 
celerybox	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
jstockall	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
takatsukam	jbeanmisc	1	 
crimsen	jbeans	0	Web Designer
enotecha	jbeans	1	Project Manager
takatsukam	jbeanvam	1	 
jskeet	jbench	1	 
bdargan	jbenchmark	1	 
bigdaz	jbenchmark	1	Developer
gregluck	jbenchmark	1	 
twpatkua	jbenchmark	1	 
acannone	jbi4cics	0	Developer
cimatti	jbi4cics	0	 
gvaleri	jbi4cics	0	Developer
marcopiraccini	jbi4cics	0	 
paciuf	jbi4cics	1	 
raffaelespazzol	jbi4cics	1	Project Manager
acannone	jbi4corba	0	 
cimatti	jbi4corba	0	 
gvaleri	jbi4corba	0	Developer
marcopiraccini	jbi4corba	0	 
paciuf	jbi4corba	1	Developer
raffaelespazzol	jbi4corba	1	Project Manager
lkajan	jbio	1	 
efornara	jbit	1	 
bangersnmash74	jbluez	1	No specific role
edkay	jbluez	1	 
jbantug	jbluez	1	Developer
marcelj	jbluez	1	Project Manager
jbmvst	jbmsrclib	1	 
sonofseven	jboss-jmxc	1	 
thomasfrey	jboss4watchdog	1	 
shenkai	jbossmonitor	1	 
shifeiluo	jbosspetstore	1	Project Manager
ritujain	jbossrulesnet	1	 
aguizar	jbpm	1	Developer
bessyboo	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
ceccato	jbpm	1	 
doballve	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
don_raka	jbpm	1	Developer
ekero	jbpm	1	Developer
elfuhrer	jbpm	1	 
epieters	jbpm	1	 
fbooth	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
garg_shail	jbpm	1	Developer
gherez	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
gip2100	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
harimk12	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
jakkiedak	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
janapoornavel	jbpm	1	Developer
jberka	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
jccantu	jbpm	1	Developer
jimrigsbee	jbpm	1	 
koentsje	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
krzogr	jbpm	1	Developer
kukeltje	jbpm	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lifeleaf	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
marshall_law	jbpm	1	 
mikelynch229	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
mloehr	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
mmieszek	jbpm	1	 
mosabua	jbpm	1	 
mournosg	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
naprstek	jbpm	1	 
oneovthafew	jbpm	1	 
pbolle	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
prabhatjha	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
prabhuji	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
rrajasekaran	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
ryanupton	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
schnever	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
spagop	jbpm	1	Developer
theute	jbpm	1	Developer
tmjee	jbpm	1	Developer
tombaeyens	jbpm	1	Project Manager
v912485	jbpm	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rhoobler	jbproject	1	 
angus_ymchan	jbpropstruct	1	 
grantfin	jbreport	1	 
sujithvt	jbrms	1	 
neilt6	jbuild	1	 
fjankk	jcache	1	Project Manager
pfajeau	jcache	1	Developer
ttoupin	jcafe	1	 
frankmoritz	jcapi	0	Developer
hgraefe	jcapi	1	 
jens212	jcapi	1	Developer
kimmerin	jcapi	1	Developer
malamut	jcapi	1	Developer
prabhub	jcdlib	1	 
r_213	jcdlib	1	Developer
hamgert	jcetaglib	1	 
davibu	jcgrid	1	 
palmerabollo	jcgrid	1	 
stainsby	jchassis	1	Project Manager
clwells	jci	1	 
ahuser	jcl	0	Developer
cycocrew	jcl	0	Developer
dade2004	jcl	0	Developer
elahn	jcl	0	Developer
grenzi_r	jcl	0	Developer
jedi_mbe	jcl	0	Developer
jfudickar	jcl	0	Developer
marcovtje	jcl	0	Developer
marquardt	jcl	0	Developer
morrac	jcl	0	Developer
mthoma	jcl	1	Project Manager
obones	jcl	1	Developer
outchy	jcl	1	Project Manager
rayspostbox3	jcl	1	Developer
remkobonte	jcl	1	Developer
rikbarker	jcl	1	Developer
rrossmair	jcl	1	Project Manager
schuettecarsten	jcl	1	Developer
twm	jcl	1	Developer
uschuster	jcl	1	Developer
wpostma	jcl	1	Developer
anarxia	jclassinfo	1	Project Manager
marciodel	jclassmock	1	 
darwin3	jcloader	0	Developer
xeus_man	jcloader	1	 
fdiotalevi	jcman	1	 
satollo	jcman	1	Developer
lglawrence	jcmdline	1	 
samuelbb	jcodeutil	1	 
eisel98	jcollectionwrap	1	 
ashevat	jcomet	1	 
easy_angel	jcommandline	1	 
rdtorres	jconcurrent	1	 
inolik	jconfd	0	Developer
meebey	jconfd	1	 
amecky	jconfig	1	 
braunst	jconfig	1	Developer
crash025	jconfig	1	Developer
terrydye	jconfig	1	Project Manager
ben_walding	jconsole	1	 
cirruz	jconstructs	1	 
fdiotalevi	jconx	1	Developer
jamstah	jcookie	0	Developer
sonalb	jcookie	1	 
headpigeons	jcounter	1	 
wollej	jcoverage	1	 
adrianogf	jcproject	1	 
hendrik_beck	jcr-webexplorer	1	 
mreis_at	jcr-webexplorer	1	Developer
weertj	jcrconnector	1	 
dep4b	jcrontab	0	Developer
iolalla	jcrontab	1	Project Manager
kingjr3	jcrontab	1	Developer
pfharris	jcrontab	1	Developer
skyling	jcrontab	1	Web Designer
sage_sam	jcrud	1	 
shaman-h_fel	jcsconvertor	1	 
konczer	jctc	1	Web Designer
logicfish	jctc	1	 
sinxxx	jctc	1	Developer
auke_booij	jctic	1	 
justfly_shi	jcutil	1	 
syzws	jcvs-ssl	1	 
alancmoore	jdarth	1	 
bobcousins	jdarth	1	 
technobug	jdatabaseimport	1	 
juanheyns	jdatepicker	1	 
fabio_patricio	jdbase	1	Project Manager
iceboyy	jdbase	1	Developer
jesusjc	jdbase	1	Developer
laranjinha	jdbase	1	Developer
dwaninger	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
jrshaw	jdbcfacade	1	Project Manager
tavisbones	jdbcfacade	1	Developer
jeanlazarou	jdbcunit	1	 
farf	jdbf	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
giabac	jdbf	0	Developer
gmartone	jdbf	1	Project Manager
lechertl	jdbf	1	Analysis / Design
mayur_naik	jdbf	1	Support Manager
zmieff	jdbf	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
codarin	jdbforms	0	Developer
dep4b	jdbforms	0	Developer
dhorkoff	jdbforms	0	Developer
dikr	jdbforms	1	Developer
foxat	jdbforms	1	Developer
fzimper	jdbforms	1	Developer
hkollmann	jdbforms	1	Developer
ivanfm	jdbforms	1	Developer
javajunkie	jdbforms	1	Developer
jdp1120	jdbforms	1	Developer
joepeer	jdbforms	1	Developer
johngagon	jdbforms	1	Developer
menulis	jdbforms	1	Developer
mrsermore	jdbforms	1	Developer
nealkatz	jdbforms	1	Developer
nicparise	jdbforms	1	Developer
noremac	jdbforms	1	Developer
pbanderson	jdbforms	1	Doc Writer
pgrunik	jdbforms	1	Developer
jleiva	jdbhelper	1	 
andreykh	jdbreport-rt	1	 
brisid	jdbv	1	Project Manager
bschoudel	jdbv	1	Developer
cvs_udayk	jdbv	1	No specific role
jrarick4777	jdbv	1	 
larknox	jdbv	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
querybyexample	jdbv	1	Developer
sandraorion	jdbv	1	Developer
sgandotra	jdbv	1	 
gates666	jdeapi	1	Developer
oliviertexier	jdeapi	1	 
fdfalcon	jdecompiler	0	Developer
itmpras	jdecompiler	0	Developer
over10pd	jdecompiler	1	 
raaki_88	jdecompiler	1	Developer
shiv123	jdecompiler	1	Developer
spemoorthy	jdecompiler	1	Developer
ckonstanski	jdee	0	Developer
copal	jdee	0	 
dliotev	jdee	0	Developer
lenbok	jdee	0	Developer
lu-luxdo	jdee	0	Developer
paullandes	jdee	1	Project Manager
phillip	jdee	1	 
pkinnucan	jdee	1	 
dpaso	jdeep	1	Project Manager
e_capra	jdeep	1	Support Manager
francescomerlo	jdeep	1	Support Manager
lorenzoradice	jdeep	1	Developer
paulpes	jdeep	1	Developer
ipreuss	jdemo	0	 
mgebha	jdemo	1	Developer
urskr	jdemo	1	Developer
a-gopal	jdepends	1	 
rsk	jdevelop	1	 
brian_duff	jdevelopervss	1	Developer
rcleveng	jdevelopervss	1	 
jade6	jdi	1	 
dkfn	jdiagnose	1	 
lydiardo	jdiagnose	1	Developer
steview	jdiagnose	1	 
dannyor	jdigger	1	 
yuvalsapir	jdigger	1	Developer
dwalend	jdigraph	1	All-Hands Person
amgonzalez	jdirdiff	1	Developer
cessd	jdirdiff	1	Developer
gibran_g4	jdirdiff	1	Developer
vcm	jdirdiff	1	 
webaholic	jdirectory	1	 
afsinb	jdlist	1	 
davjoh	jdmi	0	Developer
squishmeister	jdmi	1	 
arawakcc	jdna	0	Developer
martin_nichol	jdna	1	Project Manager
sean_stuckless	jdna	1	Project Manager
sullis	jdollars	1	 
paton	jdolly	1	 
masogato	jdolplugin	1	 
ashevat	jdsf	1	 
aviadlich	jdsf	1	Developer
aubinmahe	jdynamite	0	Developer
cbouleau	jdynamite	1	 
benzo	jeasy-do	1	Developer
dmukhin	jeasy-do	1	Developer
kaa74	jeasy-do	1	Developer
vadimf	jeasy-do	1	Developer
frenzieddragon	jeasytester	1	 
aparzev	jeceira	1	Project Manager
kduske	jeceira	1	Developer
sschwanitz	jeceira	1	Developer
vfelberg	jeceira	1	Developer
peterjhaas	jediapi	1	All-Hands Person
aniketbhatt	jedimath	0	No specific role
beckmi	jedimath	0	Support Manager
blaszijk	jedimath	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
carlokok	jedimath	0	Developer
chriseyre2000	jedimath	1	Developer
davidtaylor	jedimath	1	Developer
djaenichen	jedimath	1	Developer
geoff8579	jedimath	1	Developer
huesserp	jedimath	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jperez	jedimath	1	Developer
mavaughan	jedimath	1	Developer
mcongedo	jedimath	1	Developer
pvanlaake	jedimath	1	Developer
ralphkmuench	jedimath	1	Project Manager
thorsten_engler	jedimath	1	Developer
tschaggelar	jedimath	1	Developer
vfursov	jedimath	1	No specific role
xquark	jedimath	1	 
adrian_baker	jedit	0	Developer
afarello	jedit	0	 
akaplan	jedit	0	 
aklimets	jedit	0	Developer
alevin	jedit	0	Developer
andystreich	jedit	0	Developer
annauzi	jedit	0	Developer
ant-roy	jedit	0	Developer
antis0c	jedit	0	Developer
arobert	jedit	0	Developer
assuryan	jedit	0	Tester
bambara	jedit	0	Developer
beeky	jedit	0	 
bemace	jedit	0	 
bhawkins1	jedit	0	 
blueyed	jedit	0	Developer
breaux	jedit	0	 
brik	jedit	0	 
bryan_w_taylor	jedit	0	Developer
bsarsgard	jedit	0	 
bsiggelkow	jedit	0	 
btateyama	jedit	0	Developer
carmine	jedit	0	Developer
carsten_behring	jedit	0	 
chris_samuels	jedit	0	Developer
cjkent	jedit	0	 
copy_paste	jedit	0	 
cswilly	jedit	0	 
curoles	jedit	0	Developer
cwhitmore	jedit	0	 
cyu	jedit	0	 
dajt	jedit	0	 
daleanson	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
dannydig	jedit	1	 
delvinj	jedit	1	Developer
dhaskew	jedit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dkoryavov	jedit	1	 
dmoebius	jedit	1	Developer
dobrien75	jedit	1	Developer
donatas	jedit	1	 
dstolerman	jedit	1	 
duggaraju	jedit	1	 
dwayneb	jedit	1	Developer
dwhall	jedit	1	Developer
elberry	jedit	1	Developer
eloyek	jedit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ensonic	jedit	1	 
extreme66	jedit	1	Developer
eyebex	jedit	1	Developer
ezust	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
francisdobi	jedit	1	Developer
gerardsmyth	jedit	1	Developer
gerti	jedit	1	 
gregc	jedit	1	Developer
greghmerrill	jedit	1	 
gsaffell	jedit	1	Developer
halyavin	jedit	1	Developer
hertzhaft	jedit	1	Developer
ian_davis	jedit	1	 
ian_lewis	jedit	1	Developer
ihewson	jedit	1	Developer
imfree	jedit	1	Developer
iolalla	jedit	1	 
jbwiv	jedit	1	Developer
jchoyt	jedit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jduska	jedit	1	 
jgellene	jedit	1	 
jigerjava	jedit	1	Developer
jimbodean	jedit	1	 
jiwils	jedit	1	Developer
jklap	jedit	1	 
jmadar	jedit	1	 
joelaff	jedit	1	 
jpavel	jedit	1	Developer
jturcotte	jedit	1	Developer
jymen	jedit	1	 
kaymi	jedit	1	 
kdrew	jedit	1	 
keeleyt83	jedit	1	Developer
kerik-sf	jedit	1	Developer
klmcw	jedit	1	 
ko5tik	jedit	1	 
kpouer	jedit	1	Developer
krisko	jedit	1	Graphic/Other Designer
ksm	jedit	1	 
k_satoda	jedit	1	Developer
lanciaux	jedit	1	 
lbruand	jedit	1	Developer
leeturner	jedit	1	 
lio-sand	jedit	1	Developer
luckyspin	jedit	1	 
maeste	jedit	1	Developer
malyvelky	jedit	1	Developer
marcohu	jedit	1	 
mattflower	jedit	1	 
matt_etheridge	jedit	1	 
mdillon	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
mickthornhill	jedit	1	 
mikeatkinson	jedit	1	Developer
mkejzar	jedit	1	 
mrdon	jedit	1	 
mumak	jedit	1	 
murkles	jedit	1	Developer
n31l	jedit	1	Developer
naber	jedit	1	 
natet	jedit	1	Developer
nathanjones	jedit	1	Developer
nicarran	jedit	1	Developer
nilojg	jedit	1	 
nwdurcholz	jedit	1	Developer
olearyni	jedit	1	Developer
oliep	jedit	1	Developer
opster	jedit	1	 
orutherfurd	jedit	1	Developer
oswaldcz	jedit	1	Developer
pavlikus	jedit	1	Developer
pawnsushi	jedit	1	Developer
philipx	jedit	1	 
pitje	jedit	1	 
polx	jedit	1	 
psridhar	jedit	1	Tester
retept	jedit	1	Developer
rfletch6	jedit	1	 
rickgibbs	jedit	1	 
robmckinnon	jedit	1	 
roland-d	jedit	1	Web Designer
rosebaby	jedit	1	Developer
rschwenn	jedit	1	Content Management
russelldad	jedit	1	 
ruwi	jedit	1	 
saimonm	jedit	1	Developer
sasha-m	jedit	1	 
scarlac	jedit	1	Developer
schs	jedit	1	 
seconddevil	jedit	1	Developer
shlomy	jedit	1	Developer
sjakob	jedit	1	Developer
spestov	jedit	1	Project Manager
ssaravanan	jedit	1	 
ssatguru	jedit	1	 
starglider	jedit	1	Developer
steinbeck	jedit	1	 
sune_simonsen	jedit	1	Developer
sutter2k	jedit	1	 
svu	jedit	1	Developer
themarshal	jedit	1	 
thiemo	jedit	1	Developer
tibu	jedit	1	 
vampire0	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
vanza	jedit	1	Developer
vinodkiran	jedit	1	 
voituk	jedit	1	Developer
voxmea	jedit	1	Developer
wimlepage	jedit	1	 
yafd	jedit	1	 
yuyiwei	jedit	1	Developer
zubow	jedit	1	Developer
daleanson	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
elberry	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ezust	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jchoyt	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
kpouer	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mdillon	jedit-plugins	1	All-Hands Person
olearyni	jedit-plugins	1	 
orutherfurd	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pawnsushi	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
roland-d	jedit-plugins	1	Web Designer
shlomy	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
spestov	jedit-plugins	1	 
vampire0	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
marcel-boehme	jedit-syntax	1	 
oliverhe	jedit-syntax	1	All-Hands Person
nakhli	jeditool	1	 
cleghorn	jeenius	0	Developer
djwade	jeenius	1	Project Manager
jackerm	jeenius	1	 
philips	jeenius	1	Developer
malyvelky	jeeutils	1	 
alexjunq	jeez	0	Project Manager
eric_suen	jeez	1	All-Hands Person
eric_sun	jeez	1	Project Manager
mariusso	jeez	1	 
eduijs	jef	1	Developer
jnockemann	jegl	1	 
pvlasov	jegustator	1	 
jack_herrington	jeldoclet	1	Developer
tomzwo	jeldoclet	1	Developer
tpatke	jeldoclet	1	Developer
jhereth	jeline	1	Tester
plueschix	jeline	1	 
bravo	jell	1	 
willievu	jelly-httpunit	1	 
jmayrbaeurl	jellylauncher	1	Project Manager
fdios	jemar	1	 
kemp_c	jemmyfixture	1	Project Manager
roock	jemmyfixture	1	 
emarion	jempft	1	 
mnewcomb	jenni-jni	1	 
stemeyda	jenni-jni	1	 
paramythis	jenserad	1	Project Manager
mrjohnson0	jepp	1	Project Manager
yoxallj	jequals	1	 
holgermayer	jeremia	1	Project Manager
mjericho	jerichohtml	1	 
dbday	jerrorreporter	1	Project Manager
richier	jerrorreporter	1	 
hener	jesstab	1	 
oho	jesstab	1	Developer
badzen	jest	1	Project Manager
ctromble	jest	1	Developer
treaves	jest	1	Developer
awr84	jestart	1	 
compsi	jester	0	Developer
duncan	jester	1	All-Hands Person
elharo	jester	1	All-Hands Person
ivan_r_moore	jester	1	Project Manager
pholser	jester	1	Developer
roock	jester	1	 
dgilliland62	jestr	1	Developer
b_adele	jesuislibre	1	Developer
hpxchan	jet-pms	0	 
samuraisam	jet-pms	1	 
aduain	jethro	0	 
angeladp	jethro	0	 
jalessandro	jethro	1	 
jetifadm	jetif	1	Project Manager
wangtl	jetif	1	Developer
french_c	jetm	1	 
kendeel	jetpp	0	Doc Writer
krouer	jetpp	0	Developer
paradoxnj	jetpp	1	Unix Admin
trilobite	jetpp	1	Developer
tlowing	jeweltools	1	 
nrop	jexif	1	 
fabioruxo	jexml	1	 
amiller	jext	1	Developer
blaisorblade	jext	1	Developer
bwinton	jext	1	Developer
duncandickinson	jext	1	Developer
gfx	jext	1	Project Manager
jpz	jext	1	Developer
jvanzyl	jext	1	Developer
orangeherbert	jext	1	Developer
powelljf3	jext	1	Developer
fredds	jezxmlconfig	1	 
adriankuhn	jfamix	0	Developer
fbuchli	jfamix	1	 
efficacy	jfcfixtures	0	No specific role
ipreuss	jfcfixtures	1	Project Manager
vestrial	jfcfixtures	1	Developer
kevin-duffey	jfcunit	0	Developer
kwilson227	jfcunit	1	Developer
maomaode	jfcunit	1	Developer
mattc	jfcunit	1	 
ritesht	jfcunit	1	Developer
vraravam	jfcunit	1	Developer
aeden	jfeedback	1	 
kknudsen	jfeedback	1	Developer
bastintonyroy	jfern	0	 
larsehrler	jfern	0	Developer
marcelbodewitz	jfern	0	Developer
marni	jfern	1	 
martinfleurke	jfern	1	Developer
phwang	jfern	1	Developer
crsadun	jffp	1	 
bxconrad	jfig	1	Project Manager
conradadam	jfig	1	Developer
mcbridem2004	jfig	1	 
mdsimpson	jfig	1	Developer
thewoolleyman	jfig	1	Developer
fthiemonge	jfilechecker	1	 
bsponline	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
bssahu	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
gsergiu	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
jgrant	jfileexplorer	1	Web Designer
kmohans	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
rob-smith	jfileexplorer	1	Web Designer
scheruga	jfileexplorer	1	Project Manager
syhrus	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
jskress	jfilemerge	1	 
mungady	jfinance	1	 
andrewsquire	jfist	1	 
nicklevine	jfli	0	Developer
rhickey	jfli	1	 
zoeloeboeloe	jfontchooser	1	 
ollix	jforce	1	Project Manager
omx	jforce	1	Project Manager
pontifex	jformatter	1	No specific role
sunil_ssm	jformmail	1	 
fdolibois	jformular	1	Project Manager
akhmadov	jfortress	1	 
sunguilin	jfpl	1	 
jfq	jfqengine	1	 
fjelmer	jfrace	1	 
jptavares	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
mimil	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
preira	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
taqua	jfreedesigner	1	 
dkincade	jfreereport	1	All-Hands Person
dmoran-pentaho	jfreereport	1	Developer
elassad	jfreereport	1	Developer
gmoran-pentaho	jfreereport	1	Distributor/Promoter
jaosch	jfreereport	1	Developer
mdamour1976	jfreereport	1	Developer
mimil	jfreereport	1	Developer
mungady	jfreereport	1	No specific role
ocke	jfreereport	1	Developer
taqua	jfreereport	1	Project Manager
til77	jfreereport	1	Developer
willgorman	jfreereport	1	Developer
ooktay	jfsm	1	Project Manager
pablod	jfuf	1	 
semios	jfunc	1	 
davidahall	jga	1	 
ymenager	jgconfig	1	 
boardsonair	jgedcom	1	 
uwe_ewald	jgedit	1	 
matts22	jgep	1	 
musheno	jgfgj	1	 
ageitgey	jgimp	0	Developer
scrumpty	jgimp	1	Project Manager
soulfry	jgimp	1	No specific role
idevelopment	jglse	1	 
sreehari	jglue	1	 
ssamarug	jgml	1	 
andriess	jgoose	1	Project Manager
frankotto	jgoose	1	Developer
genssler	jgoose	1	Developer
mkbauer	jgoose	1	Project Manager
moozet	jgoose	1	Developer
mtrifu	jgoose	1	Developer
olafseng	jgoose	1	Project Manager
phaller	jgoose	1	Developer
sourcebaer	jgoose	1	 
sven_luzar	jgoose	1	Project Manager
szulman	jgoose	1	Developer
trifu	jgoose	1	Developer
d_benson	jgpd	1	Project Manager
acoronasz	jgrinder	0	Project Manager
dave_hoag	jgrinder	1	Project Manager
ericrwilliams	jgrinder	1	All-Hands Person
jhr0771	jgrinder	1	Developer
sabernethy	jgrinder	1	Developer
ssinclair2	jgrinder	1	Developer
hogie	jgt	1	 
bpatters7	jgum	1	 
draculak	jhc	1	 
laullon	jhecomponent	1	 
avivh	jhotdraw	0	Developer
benwimpory	jhotdraw	0	Developer
birdscurrybeer	jhotdraw	0	Developer
cfm1	jhotdraw	0	Developer
den_st	jhotdraw	0	Developer
dnoyeb	jhotdraw	0	Developer
egamma	jhotdraw	1	 
gesworthy	jhotdraw	1	 
hogie	jhotdraw	1	Developer
huw12345	jhotdraw	1	Developer
jeckel	jhotdraw	1	 
johnyu	jhotdraw	1	Developer
kastagg	jhotdraw	1	Developer
keeskuip	jhotdraw	1	Developer
kviswana	jhotdraw	1	Developer
lyardet	jhotdraw	1	Developer
mrfloppy	jhotdraw	1	Project Manager
mtnygard	jhotdraw	1	Developer
pleumann	jhotdraw	1	Developer
pmorch	jhotdraw	1	Developer
rawcoder	jhotdraw	1	Developer
ricardo_padilha	jhotdraw	1	Developer
santoshd	jhotdraw	1	Developer
sdaubin	jhotdraw	1	Developer
wiley16	jhotdraw	1	Developer
ckirkendall	jhtml	0	Developer
rsk	jhtml	1	 
icoba	jic	1	 
emyhre	jice	1	 
briodev	jice-net	1	 
ttlaitin	jicengine	1	 
jaredhsieh	jicense	1	 
ledesmafernando	jidec	1	 
joniles	jiffie	1	 
sconcha	jiframework	1	 
aradeski	jiggle	1	 
carlburch	jigsaw-ide	1	 
pagardiner	jigso	1	 
jilia	jilia-editor	1	 
acneto	jim2mov	1	 
comikozie	jimbovector3d	1	All-Hands Person
shigeoka	jini-tools	1	Project Manager
tcmiller	jinit	1	 
balilla	jink	1	Project Manager
dlegland	jipl	1	 
mpf	jipsy	1	 
kersing	jir	1	 
argenacho	jiraconn	1	Developer
jaleibiusky	jiraconn	1	Developer
bstasyszyn	jirarmi	1	Project Manager
jriegert	jirarmi	1	Developer
xiaohaihua	jisue	1	 
glowe	jitter	1	Developer
jatsrt	jitter	1	Developer
melissa168	jitter	1	Developer
rekhar	jitter	1	Developer
runstang	jitter	1	Developer
tompte	jitter	1	Developer
cddcdd	jiugua	1	 
eddygtimegod	jiugua	1	Project Manager
johndavidtaylor	jjj	1	 
jamiephelan	jjl	1	Project Manager
tufan	jjl	1	Content Management
alexyeo	jkernel	1	 
iamd	jkompare	1	 
mephidmann	jkurses	1	 
aanand	jlauncher	0	Developer
ajavaguru	jlauncher	1	 
davidtsao	jlauncher	1	Project Manager
janelee	jlauncher	1	Doc Writer
lordlust	jlcommand	1	 
emorning	jlense	1	 
lingni	jlense	1	Developer
tlauinge	jlf	1	 
jwy	jlib	1	 
avedusav	jline	0	Developer
mprudhom	jline	1	Project Manager
palminator	jline	1	 
totem2004	jline	1	Developer
user57	jline	1	Developer
avian_freeware	jlink	1	 
crunchyfroggie	jlink	1	Web Designer
toudiusz	jlinq	1	 
coffeesoft	jlist2d	1	 
hao_wu00	jlm	1	Project Manager
amecky	jlo	1	 
terrydye	jlo	1	Project Manager
p_d_austin	jload	1	All-Hands Person
andymp	jlocator	1	 
javaman	jlogger	1	 
kickboxr	jlsguest	1	 
rosthum	jmachine	1	 
wiley-hacker	jmantools	1	 
extreme_logic	jmapi	1	 
jacky75	jmbd	0	Developer
mobilejava	jmbd	1	 
root84	jmdiframework	1	 
adamselene	jme-swt	1	 
wklaas	jmeasurement2	1	 
setera	jmechanic	1	 
octograve	jmetarparser	1	 
acain	jmetric	1	Developer
rvasa	jmetric	1	Developer
a-san	jmichelle	1	 
iga	jmichelle	1	 
midori	jmichelle	1	Developer
nokamoto	jmichelle	1	 
tak	jmichelle	1	 
midori	jmidoriservice	1	 
oferdor	jmighty	1	 
tschlabach	jmirage	1	 
hedrik	jmmcms	1	All-Hands Person
ggridin	jmobilecore	1	Project Manager
jcwilk	jmod	0	 
davidconnard	jmousewheel	1	Developer
dims	jmousewheel	1	 
mhoesch	jmousewheel	1	Developer
mpowers	jmousewheel	1	 
rosbaldeston	jmousewheel	1	 
cine	jmove	1	 
miju	jmove	1	 
terfloth	jmove	1	Project Manager
blackdestiny	jmp	1	 
fatboychucky	jmsbrowser	1	 
jruesga	jmsmq	1	Project Manager
chamila9	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
n1tehawkz	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
rukshan_silva	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
udaraau	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
yohanliyanage	jmxsoapcon	1	Project Manager
dv13090	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
lbroussal	jmxtools	0	Doc Writer
ld1979	jmxtools	1	 
sbate	jmxtools	1	Project Manager
joa23	jmxunit	1	 
aphofstede	jnative	0	Developer
fernando43	jnative	0	Developer
mdenty	jnative	1	 
thubby	jnative	1	Project Manager
oj_returnnull	jncss4eclipse	1	All-Hands Person
gandralf	jndie	1	Developer
jcolson	jnetlib	1	Developer
xyombie	jnf	1	 
rahulkumar	jniosocket	1	 
tomy	jniosocket	1	Developer
thomasfr	jnlseditor	1	Project Manager
gilescope	jnormalform	1	Developer
tobiaseriksson	jntservices	1	Developer
sunheng	jobman	1	 
angrob	jobyx	0	Tester
crazycomputers	jobyx	1	All-Hands Person
jveljan	jocolibs	1	 
andylehane	joda	0	Developer
broneill	joda	1	Developer
gallard	joda	1	Developer
kandarp_shah	joda	1	Developer
scolebourne	joda	1	Project Manager
seangeo	joda	1	Developer
heuermh	joda-primitives	0	Developer
maartenc	joda-primitives	0	Developer
scolebourne	joda-primitives	1	 
najgor	jodd	1	Project Manager
asal	jode	0	Developer
bernfarr	jode	0	Developer
buchalka	jode	0	Developer
hoenicke	jode	1	 
jnash67	jode	1	Developer
seeksthemoon	jode	1	Developer
tradem	jode	1	Developer
hina44	joelib	0	Developer
hinselma	joelib	0	All-Hands Person
maunza	joelib	0	Developer
nhfechner	joelib	0	All-Hands Person
wegner	joelib	1	Project Manager
epinfo	joffad	1	Project Manager
florentd	joffad	1	Developer
gabriel_	joffad	1	Developer
hanzz	joffad	1	Developer
juangoncalves	joffad	1	Project Manager
odavy	joffad	1	 
sgoumard	joffad	1	Project Manager
straumat	joffad	1	Developer
yannismurguet	joffad	1	Developer
prophecyslides	johndoe	1	 
barrygently	joj	1	 
tho23	jollector	1	 
chunyun	jolm	1	 
jomasoft	jomamqtools	1	 
sherold	jonbas	1	 
rufwork	joneone	1	 
joo_ru	joomatic	1	 
r790	joomm	1	 
blujus	joone	0	Developer
cezden	joone	0	Developer
ferra4models	joone	0	Developer
firestrand	joone	0	Developer
hofi85	joone	0	Developer
julesnorman	joone	0	Developer
lmanes	joone	0	Developer
msntrf	joone	0	Developer
pmarrone	joone	1	Project Manager
xharzej	joone	1	Project Manager
andrewytf	jooone	1	 
sm1979	jopenchart	1	Project Manager
gammagerry	jortho	0	No specific role
i_net_software	jortho	1	 
morgade	jotazul	1	 
sebesiech	jpa	1	 
cowand	jpalmdesktopfa	1	 
filipefumaux	jpaspring	1	 
bflorat	jpattern	1	 
efeller	jpattern	1	Developer
kryst4l	jpattern	1	 
giacometti	jpe	1	All-Hands Person
gillet	jpe	1	Developer
karve	jpe	1	 
michelsanner	jpe	1	Developer
avaji	jpedal	0	 
markee174	jpedal	1	Developer
ramanajv	jpedal	1	Developer
jamesp73	jpeeps	1	Developer
boson	jpeg2swf	1	 
infostuka	jpen	0	Developer
mbcudmore	jpen	0	Developer
nicarran	jpen	1	 
xcolwell	jpen	1	Developer
nathanmeyers	jperfanal	1	 
trumpetinc	jpers	1	 
dbrownell	jphoto	1	 
uree	jphysx	1	 
klpauba	jpictools	1	 
mvturnho	jpictools	1	All-Hands Person
ptitjes	jpictools	1	Developer
avix	jpivot	1	 
barozzi	jpivot	1	 
ebuchner	jpivot	1	 
hbaier	jpivot	1	 
hhaas	jpivot	1	 
jacksonpd	jpivot	1	 
jhyde	jpivot	1	 
kunarief	jpivot	1	 
parkerb	jpivot	1	 
paullucas	jpivot	1	 
qinhui99	jpivot	1	Developer
remberson	jpivot	1	 
robinbagot	jpivot	1	 
sandeep_giri	jpivot	1	 
sgwood	jpivot	1	 
stflourd	jpivot	1	 
uramisten	jpivot	1	 
willgorman	jpivot	1	Developer
zapodot	jpivot	1	 
srausch	jpk	1	Project Manager
jpki	jpkifontchooser	1	 
fadushin	jpl	1	 
paulsingleton	jpl	1	Project Manager
mike_werner	jpls	1	Developer
hargettp	jpm	1	 
manthena	jpmonitor	1	 
dgschwind	jpo	0	 
tfredrich	jpo	1	 
javamozdude	jpo-eclipse	1	 
crsadun	jpoller	1	 
atretyakov	jpolls	0	Developer
cysonic	jpolls	0	Developer
esmiralha	jpolls	0	Developer
iype	jpolls	0	Developer
li_hua_yu	jpolls	0	Developer
manasilonkar	jpolls	0	Developer
osvaldo_andrade	jpolls	0	Developer
pkreglicki	jpolls	0	Web Designer
samuelg	jpolls	0	Developer
weakestlink	jpolls	1	All-Hands Person
cleghorn	jporta	0	Developer
djwade	jporta	1	Project Manager
jackerm	jporta	1	 
minco	jporta	1	Developer
philips	jporta	1	Developer
cpilsworth	jportaltemplate	1	 
christoph_pickl	jpotpourri	1	 
devmonkey	jpreference	0	Developer
linuxrootadmn	jpreference	0	Developer
unixrootadmn	jpreference	1	Developer
chenandr	jpreferences	1	 
sunya	jpreferences	1	All-Hands Person
billmair	jprogect	1	All-Hands Person
bomeyer	jprogect	1	Developer
zagnar	jprogect	1	Developer
stevesgee	jprojecttime	1	 
pbloemendaal	jprops	1	 
renardo22	jpropsedit	1	 
anicoara	jprose	1	Project Manager
apopovic	jprose	1	 
arfrei	jprose	1	Developer
nirpaz	jpt	1	 
anton_slutsky	jptapi	1	All-Hands Person
bagrehc	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fpierre	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
gianlucazaggia	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
karschten	jptc	1	Developer
wte	jptc	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ericbodden	jptoolkit	1	 
aeden	jpublish	1	Project Manager
florin_patrascu	jpublish	1	Developer
macksold	jpui	1	 
stefast	jpx	1	Project Manager
winotosw	jqsajax	1	 
nicanor	jquantify	1	 
r_simoni	jqueen	1	Project Manager
alexbradley	jquery	1	Developer
kdvolder	jquery	1	Project Manager
lmarkle	jquery	1	Developer
rchern2	jquery	1	Developer
kse	jquickbase	1	 
wingad	jquizmaker	1	 
kc7bfi	jras32	1	Project Manager
newmana	jrdf	1	Project Manager
yuanfang	jrdf	1	Developer
ajavaguru	jrealms	1	Project Manager
davidtsao	jrealms	1	Project Manager
janelee	jrealms	1	Developer
jrealms	jrealms	1	Developer
babis	jreg	1	 
roirex	jregedit	1	 
samokhodkin	jregex	1	 
alcabon	jregexptester	1	Developer
mblasi	jregression	1	All-Hands Person
pil	jregression	1	Project Manager
akuorela	jreleaser	0	Developer
kesaniemi	jreleaser	0	Developer
kootee	jreleaser	0	Developer
micsa	jreleaser	1	 
mjheikk2	jreleaser	1	Project Manager
dannyor	jremarks	1	 
oboehm	jrequest	1	 
karneim	jrexx	1	Unix Admin
quadword718	jrexx	1	Web Designer
rm242	jrexx	1	Developer
joncrlsn	jrf	1	All-Hands Person
jvmjge	jrf	1	All-Hands Person
roder	jrf	1	All-Hands Person
tennant	jrf	1	All-Hands Person
petrenkomaxim	jripples	1	 
raduvanciu	jripples	1	All-Hands Person
wraym	jriva	1	 
gmur	jrmtool	1	Developer
jrosik	jrmtool	1	Developer
brozow	jrobin	1	Developer
cobralord	jrobin	1	Developer
dhustace	jrobin	1	Developer
djgregor	jrobin	1	Developer
mhuot	jrobin	1	 
noahcampbell	jrobin	1	 
rangerrick	jrobin	1	 
saxon64	jrobin	1	Developer
tarus	jrobin	1	Project Manager
whurley	jrobin	1	Project Manager
jackh	jroseviewer	1	Project Manager
maggie_mi	jroseviewer	1	 
meggleton	jrsyncwrapper	1	 
khan_sultan	jrtm	1	All-Hands Person
kreativez	jrwrapper	1	 
soal	js-1ibre	1	 
serg_main	js-cache	1	 
smissan	js-cache	1	Developer
serg_main	js-common	1	 
smissan	js-common	1	Developer
takumi-h	js-commons	1	 
mathewsheets	js-sdk	1	 
serg_main	js-sso	1	 
smissan	js-sso	1	Developer
ransom2002	jsad	1	 
robertsanders	jsai	1	 
jmutchek	jsap	0	Developer
mlamb	jsap	1	 
svigna	jsap	1	Developer
zenon48	jsassertunit	1	 
jumper45	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
sfatehi	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
dkleinrath	jsce	1	Developer
marvotron	jsce	1	Developer
clim1219	jscmt	1	Project Manager
delano	jscmt	1	 
rouel1222	jscmt	1	 
as6o	jscope	1	 
ajaxforms	jscore	1	 
mossop	jscreen	1	 
pfil	jscroll	0	 
tom_tessier	jscroll	1	 
ispeters	jscyther	1	 
fischeo	jsedit	0	Project Manager
jlawrence	jsedit	0	Developer
merc64	jsedit	0	Developer
wubo	jsedit	1	 
adinu	jseditor	1	 
agfitzp	jseditor	1	Developer
pvlasov	jsel	1	 
sglee77	jsel	1	 
bender2005	jsepade	1	 
hermy	jserviceserver	0	Developer
piratron	jserviceserver	1	 
airatsa-sf	jservo	1	 
wiedkla	jsesoft-mmbi	1	 
akuhrwahl	jsf-spring	1	Project Manager
christopher_db	jsf-spring	1	 
daniel_plappert	jsf-spring	1	Developer
dariusch_z	jsf-spring	1	Developer
obecker	jsf-spring	1	Developer
sassen	jsf-spring	1	Developer
thomasjachmann	jsf-spring	1	Support Manager
timomeinen	jsf-spring	1	Developer
wowo101	jsf-spring	1	Distributor/Promoter
mamachari	jsfilter	0	Developer
tomjnsn	jsfilter	1	 
limin9	jsftab	1	 
biddappa270478	jsfukti	1	 
blured	jsh	0	Developer
collin_g	jsh	1	Project Manager
francisandre	jsh	1	 
hchacha	jsh	1	Developer
medavidson	jsh	1	Project Manager
taweili	jsh	1	Developer
therandthem	jsh	1	Developer
pak25	jshadow	1	 
djkhan	jshare	1	 
agarza	jshttptest	1	 
gsu_osdg_isdept	jsimplex	1	Project Manager
usefulthings	jsimplex	1	Project Manager
ktorn	jsite	1	Project Manager
ffm	jslogger	1	 
roeschter	jslwin	1	 
activeleo	jsmartdepend	1	Project Manager
altctrldel	jsmartdepend	1	 
firstcyberdemon	jsmeg	1	 
mikeed	jsmeg	1	 
psteix	jsmeg	1	 
didosevilla	json	1	 
tmyrtle	json	1	Developer
ibrahimov	jsonifier	1	 
gbrault	jspdoc	1	 
riazmd	jspin	1	 
clevans	jsppp	1	 
cybermike	jsptags	1	 
epesh	jsptags	1	 
m5sedan	jsptags	1	 
niki	jsptags	1	 
teknopaul	jsptemplate	1	 
dcorbin	jspunit	1	 
mrwooly	jspunit	1	 
brainoffline	jspxtags	1	 
aramir	jsqlbuilder	1	 
cdonat	jsquash	1	 
kaeverens	jsquash	1	 
joegtp	jsquashfs	1	Developer
rupertlssmith	jsr203nio2	1	 
mariomac	jsrdrew	1	 
iga	jssaver	1	 
rouslank	jssrg	1	 
sschz	jstags	1	 
mensk	jstaple	1	 
dixitsandeep	jstatemachine	1	 
pcauto	jstatemachine	1	 
jstdio	jstdio	1	 
daisuke-maki	jsthread	1	Developer
cyplm	jstm	1	 
lbroussal	jstm	1	Developer
mflament	jstm	1	 
nciaravola	jstm	1	Developer
mpalmerlee	jstoolbox	1	 
madleyreeves	jstorm	1	 
natehop	jstracer	1	 
cwensel	jstress	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
djw	jstress	1	Developer
egoodwin	jstress	1	 
axelcl	jsurfer	1	Tester
niko_schmuck	jsurfer	1	Project Manager
an2478	jsutils	1	 
pjjt	jsxml	1	Developer
tguinther	jsynch	1	 
gderazon	jsystemtest	1	Project Manager
guy_arieli	jsystemtest	1	 
mukion	jsystemtest	1	 
nizanfs	jsystemtest	1	 
shmir	jsystemtest	1	Project Manager
escoem	jtad	1	Developer
evapgiron	jtad	1	Project Manager
jke	jtemporal	1	Developer
tabeck	jtemporal	1	 
tabeckatwork	jtemporal	1	Developer
mrmx	jtgl	1	 
emilianb	jtheme	1	 
rhino-jthin	jthinado	1	 
skuepper01	jthread	1	Developer
breidecker	jtimepiece	1	 
rzulauf	jtlib	1	Project Manager
svenib	jtlib	1	Developer
rsfoley	jtmapeditor	1	 
basata	jtopas	1	 
anonmark	jtrackall	1	 
rgandhe	jtrackall	1	All-Hands Person
benoitx	jtreemap	1	Developer
ekingulen	jtreemap	1	Developer
jense128	jtreemap	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
marchy	jtreemap	1	Project Manager
tignet	jtrustingssl	1	 
n-a-c-h	jtt	1	Developer
yedidia	jtt	1	 
aedil	jtts	1	 
jeffkorn	jttt	1	Developer
jiechau	jttt	1	 
rsfoley	jtutilities	1	All-Hands Person
andreasthiel	juca	1	 
iotter	juca	1	Project Manager
niuton	juda	1	Developer
onotelli	juda	1	 
tdunn	judo	1	 
baskins	judy	1	 
troyhebe	judy	1	Developer
beckchr	juel	1	 
nimdok	jui	1	 
bradford	juicplusplus	1	 
vtt	jukebox4	1	 
szegedia	julog	1	 
steve_leach	julplus	1	 
kahro	jumix	1	 
jeff_4747	jumlm	1	Project Manager
znerd	jump-math	1	 
c0demangler	jumptousage	1	 
clarkware	junit	0	 
cmschmidt	junit	0	No specific role
dsaff	junit	1	Developer
egamma	junit	1	Developer
emeade	junit	1	Developer
kbeck	junit	1	 
vbossica	junit	1	Developer
vbossica	junit-addons	1	Project Manager
felipeal	junitbook	1	Developer
paranoid12	junitbook	1	Developer
ssilvert	junitbook	1	Developer
thusted	junitbook	1	 
vmassol	junitbook	1	 
ralfreddin	junitdoc	1	All-Hands Person
kaila	junitee	0	Developer
lhoriman	junitee	0	 
martinfr62	junitee	0	Developer
o_rossmueller	junitee	1	Project Manager
dsundstrom	junitejb	1	 
dirkschreckmann	junitfaces	1	 
stds	junitpp	1	All-Hands Person
wdsgoe	junitpp	1	 
rdolgov	junitrunner	1	 
vraravam	junitrunner	1	Developer
hughleat	junitscript	1	 
mtnygard	junitservlet	1	Project Manager
heavenfighter	jupdate	0	Developer
lostmybrain	jupdate	1	Project Manager
tripplea	jupdate	1	Developer
fretful	jupdatellibrary	1	 
neilweber	jurvis	1	 
lucrus	justrun	1	Project Manager
tbuckel	jvalann	1	 
balsterm	jvalid	0	Developer
mikewill_1998	jvalid	1	Project Manager
driehle	jvalue	1	 
mlavergn	jvb	1	 
acsoftware	jvcl	0	Doc Writer
ahuser	jvcl	0	Developer
beckmi	jvcl	1	Project Manager
casterle	jvcl	1	Developer
cycocrew	jvcl	1	Developer
elahn	jvcl	1	Developer
emolendijk	jvcl	1	Developer
flyingboy	jvcl	1	Developer
grenzi_r	jvcl	1	Developer
heinzz	jvcl	1	Developer
infofred	jvcl	1	Developer
ivan_ra	jvcl	1	Developer
jedi_mbe	jvcl	1	Developer
jfudickar	jvcl	1	Developer
kaju74	jvcl	1	Developer
marquardt	jvcl	1	Developer
mthoma	jvcl	1	No specific role
obones	jvcl	1	Project Manager
ogiesen	jvcl	1	Developer
osdm	jvcl	1	Developer
outchy	jvcl	1	Developer
peter3	jvcl	1	Developer
progdigy	jvcl	1	Developer
rayspostbox3	jvcl	1	Developer
rbraasem	jvcl	1	Developer
remkobonte	jvcl	1	Developer
sverige	jvcl	1	Developer
uschuster	jvcl	1	Developer
wpostma	jvcl	1	Developer
enkaynat	jversatile	1	 
arbi	jvf	1	 
jedi_mbe	jvinspector	1	Project Manager
andreagoethals	jviz	1	 
aanno	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
artemgr	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
ashley-y	jvm-bridge	1	Project Manager
carola	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
hschwentner	jwamdomainvalue	1	Developer
joernkoch	jwamdomainvalue	1	Developer
js1984	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamdomainvalue	1	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamdomainvalue	1	Developer
rbeeger	jwamdomainvalue	1	Developer
roock	jwamdomainvalue	1	 
becker-pechau	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
carola	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
joernkoch	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamenvironment	1	Project Manager
kornstaedt	jwamenvironment	1	Developer
rbeeger	jwamenvironment	1	Developer
roock	jwamenvironment	1	 
rschmelzer	jwamenvironment	1	Developer
carola	jwamforms	0	Developer
joernkoch	jwamforms	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamforms	1	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamforms	1	Developer
rbeeger	jwamforms	1	Developer
roock	jwamforms	1	 
hschwentner	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
js1984	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamtoolconstr	1	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
rbeeger	jwamtoolconstr	1	Developer
roock	jwamtoolconstr	1	 
carola	jwamutil	1	Developer
hschwentner	jwamutil	1	Developer
joernkoch	jwamutil	1	Developer
js1984	jwamutil	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamutil	1	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamutil	1	Developer
rbeeger	jwamutil	1	Developer
roock	jwamutil	1	 
paulebob	jwaretechniques	1	 
sfloess	jwaretechniques	1	All-Hands Person
infogest	jwe	1	Project Manager
arimus	jweather	1	Project Manager
kellerds	jweather	1	Developer
ndjones	jweather	1	 
quicksilver62	jweather	1	Developer
dmcabrera	jweaver	1	 
sjooseng	jwebdir	1	 
brindy	jwf	1	 
nikder	jwf	1	Developer
rodrigomalara	jwf	1	Developer
roock	jwikiplatform	1	 
w_ready99	jwizardcmponent	1	 
hardywoody	jwoody	1	 
greenbacker	jwords	1	 
mungady	jworkbook	1	 
hal__	jworkfloweditor	1	 
dev_sushant	jwriter	1	 
dmusicant	jws-plugin-auth	1	 
ccuilla	jxbeans	1	 
sseaman	jxbre	1	Project Manager
nivekh	jxconfig	1	 
jgreen6	jxhtml	1	Support Manager
jimmikebowden	jxhtml	1	Developer
kirkh	jxhtml	1	Project Manager
kingb_98	jxm	1	 
sseaman	jxmenu	1	 
kswarts	jxml	1	Project Manager
tunemn1	jxml	1	Developer
fredgilbert	jxmleditor	1	Project Manager
bubi	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
govobjdevmaster	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
ikunin	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
kakienitz	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
kknobloch	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
lakerius	jxmlguibuilder	1	Tester
pkoeker	jxmlguibuilder	1	Developer
psi_ag_toff	jxmlguibuilder	1	 
rvillaver	jxn	1	 
arieroy	jxpfw	0	Developer
gousemohiuddin	jxpfw	0	Developer
herman74	jxpfw	0	Developer
kdwaard	jxpfw	0	 
keess	jxpfw	1	Project Manager
martijnbaels	jxpfw	1	Developer
nuub666	jxpfw	1	Developer
rensvanleeuwen	jxpfw	1	 
theovlastuin	jxpfw	1	Developer
as_tiwari	jxquick	0	 
blaforge	jxquick	1	 
damieng	jxquick	1	 
dtauzel	jxquick	1	 
jaronson	jxquick	1	 
kumara	jxquick	1	 
madheshr	jxquick	1	 
rleftwich	jxquick	1	 
sarjana	jxquick	1	 
simonstl	jxquick	1	 
sudeshsoni	jxquick	1	Developer
thomasp20	jxquick	1	 
a_lumyanski	jxsd	1	 
paul_galbraith	jxsql	1	 
binkley	jxul2	1	 
avollmer	jxunit	0	Developer
bgpalmer	jxunit	0	Developer
blaforge	jxunit	1	 
davekeller	jxunit	1	 
evarga	jxunit	1	Developer
matsh	jxunit	1	 
pliang	jxunit	1	Developer
rleftwich	jxunit	1	Developer
sarjana	jxunit	1	No specific role
sudeshsoni	jxunit	1	Developer
thomasp20	jxunit	1	Developer
kevem	jxutil	1	Project Manager
romeu_pieritz	jyaalib	1	 
red-robin	jydt	1	Project Manager
sandpipermidi	jydt	1	Developer
adamdickmeiss	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
ianibbo	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
ralphlevan	jzjkit	1	Developer
rob_tice	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
xexuxjy	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
katoun	k-game	1	 
mike_2000	k8055-java-wrap	1	 
kajala	ka3d	1	 
shashikantp	kaboom	1	 
kuaw26	kactrls4delphi	1	 
bblfish	kafenio	0	Developer
feuerflitzer	kafenio	0	 
fflorian	kafenio	0	Developer
jkitcat	kafenio	0	Tester
kni67	kafenio	0	Tester
netsrak	kafenio	1	 
phoenixfr	kafenio	1	Developer
kage-chan	kagpro	1	Project Manager
atzoris	kaistar	0	Developer
gpapandrea	kaistar	1	Project Manager
kaitano	kaistar	1	Project Manager
lucadex	kaistar	1	Project Manager
lucilla	kaistar	1	Developer
mbertagnini	kaistar	1	Project Manager
mensini	kaistar	1	Developer
muzero	kaistar	1	Developer
ainvar	kaiview	1	 
a-sennov	kaji	1	 
kakilik	kakilik	1	 
tavakoly	kakilik	1	 
rsramanujam	kamadhenu	1	 
amnorvend	kamaelia	0	Developer
anagha_m	kamaelia	0	Developer
bghose	kamaelia	0	 
celestialryan	kamaelia	0	Developer
davbo	kamaelia	0	 
devendra_l	kamaelia	0	Developer
jlei	kamaelia	0	 
matth_rd	kamaelia	1	Developer
ms_	kamaelia	1	Project Manager
nctrun	kamaelia	1	 
orphans	kamaelia	1	 
pitt2	kamaelia	1	Developer
seel20	kamaelia	1	Developer
tara-	kamaelia	1	Developer
thf_dev	kamaelia	1	Developer
toplch	kamaelia	1	 
warrenking	kamaelia	1	 
slizardo	kangaroo	1	 
ccshan	kanren	0	Developer
dfried	kanren	0	Developer
dwmack	kanren	0	Developer
oleg	kanren	1	Developer
webyrd	kanren	1	Developer
chaosknight	kaoticworld	1	 
krylloan	kapi	1	 
daleanson	kappalayout	1	 
michelcoene	karekol	1	 
scala	karis	0	Project Manager
svinot	karis	1	Project Manager
fpena	kasai	1	Developer
mpena	kasai	1	Developer
norbes	kasai	1	Developer
nzl	kasai	1	Developer
rzuasti	kasai	1	Project Manager
forafish	kayagres	1	 
kmmoens	kaylo	0	Developer
wlievens	kaylo	1	Project Manager
aferraria	kbee-workflow	1	 
r_zaumseil	kbskit	1	 
shermann	kchangelogedit	1	Developer
andamooker	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
dot	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
atspi	kdev-mysql-drv	1	 
ewald-arnold	kdevcppunit	1	 
adymo	kdevelop	1	Developer
rokrau	kdevelop	1	 
theophys	kdevelop	1	 
jeffrafter	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
ckack	kea	1	 
hsc	kea	1	Developer
huangt	kea	1	 
huhu71	kea	1	Developer
k3ys	kea	1	 
kaaba	kea	1	Developer
indyr5k	keasprjmngr	1	Developer
srvrstrypr	keasprjmngr	1	Web Designer
arossi	keel	1	Developer
atao2	keel	1	Developer
chatterj	keel	1	Developer
eliotclingman	keel	1	Developer
jeffrichley	keel	1	Developer
joshira	keel	1	 
lrm718	keel	1	Developer
mcpadawan	keel	1	Developer
mprn	keel	1	Developer
northgorky	keel	1	Developer
petecarapetyan	keel	1	All-Hands Person
pjbrownva	keel	1	Developer
rthoma	keel	1	Developer
sdutt	keel	1	Developer
spaddo	keel	1	Developer
suppcast	kencoder	1	Project Manager
stenrs	kengu	1	Project Manager
kennwww	kennwhite	1	 
hohehohe2	kerama	1	Developer
nitrogenycs	kerama	1	Developer
waterbug	kerama	1	Developer
keul	keul-plone	1	 
raichonak	keystoremng	1	 
akawaka	kgb	1	Developer
egeland	kgb	1	Graphic/Other Designer
inful	kgb	1	Developer
kjetilt	kgb	1	Developer
roho	kgb	1	Developer
skarab24	kgine	1	All-Hands Person
chiabai	kgis	1	 
jeffmclean	kgx	1	 
steve_stewart	kgx	1	 
javarome	kicsa	1	Developer
lricher	kicsa	1	Developer
dstanek	kid-template	1	Developer
rtomayko	kid-template	1	 
drblast	kidbasic	1	Project Manager
fhendrikx	kidbasic	1	Developer
igb_ppp	kidbasic	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tony007	kidbasic	1	Developer
chenxiaodong	kilter	0	 
liushunian	kilter	0	 
wangyuanyi	kilter	1	Project Manager
naazgull	kinky	1	 
suppcast	kinterdev	1	 
curvepusher	kioskcontrol	1	Developer
omulvihill	kioskcontrol	1	Project Manager
kjapi	kjapi-samples	1	 
karrycz	kjeditor	1	 
slawrance	kjmouse	1	 
eck	klibs	1	 
jrtgans	klibs	1	Developer
moribundus	klibs	1	Graphic/Other Designer
pguyot	klibs	1	 
tempel	klibs	1	 
vrehorst	klibs	1	No specific role
andreas_baumann	kmtraceviewer	1	 
colas	koalagraphics	1	 
cioannou	kodigo	1	Content Management
vortex571	kodigo	1	Developer
yeyi	kodigo	1	 
twar3draconis	kompozerport	1	 
cadmaniac	kontrollerlab	1	 
squeeze	kontrollerlab	1	Developer
thomasgruebler	kontrollerlab	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
woodghost	kontrollerlab	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kozik1	konwert	1	 
ijhprk	koolancetms	1	 
kpontology	kpontology	1	 
alexannika	kprof	0	Developer
bab	kprof	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cdesmond	kprof	1	Project Manager
desmondc	kprof	1	Project Manager
fpillet	kprof	1	 
thor574	krass	1	 
jalal	krefty	1	 
mrasnika	krumo	1	 
ayosher	kscope	0	Developer
elad_lahav	kscope	1	 
szorcsford	kscope	1	Developer
fbilhaut	ksql	1	Project Manager
chrisreed	kuimlrenderer	0	 
kapilch	kuimlrenderer	1	 
aspa	kvanttisms	1	 
msyrjala	kvanttisms	1	Developer
kristov	kvtest	1	All-Hands Person
koolkhyati	kvzstat	1	 
kaid_fr	kwnd	1	 
haustein	kxml	1	 
magiconair	kxml	1	Developer
nikee	kxml	1	Developer
ph_la	kxml	1	Developer
pleumann	kxml	1	Developer
taweili	kxml	1	Developer
hartig	kxmleditor	0	Developer
lvanek	kxmleditor	1	Project Manager
brovienas	kylixlibs	1	 
plcl	kylixlibs	1	Developer
kyriostec	kyrios	1	Unix Admin
marceloquinta	kyrios	1	 
jrccid	l-proy	1	 
jsinx	l2tommy	1	 
mgebha	labeldecorator	1	Developer
jkring	labpython	1	 
labviewer	labpython	1	Developer
stevezins	labpython	1	 
fhwang	lafcadio	1	 
andyscherzinger	lagoony	1	Developer
herrn	lagoony	1	Developer
matthiasmaurer	lagoony	1	Developer
thomasfelber	lagoony	1	Developer
yecai_lai	lai-dictionary	1	 
archan	lainos	1	Graphic/Other Designer
m477	lainos	1	Developer
majestic-12	lainos	1	Web Designer
mwdx	lainos	1	Developer
neovanglist	lainos	1	Project Manager
xuric	lainos	1	Support Manager
zn4k	lainos	1	All-Hands Person
enriche	lambda-scrabble	1	 
lumata	lamp5	1	 
erle_dzus	landxmlsdk	0	 
nathancrews	landxmlsdk	1	 
anhkheg	lang-xdl	1	Developer
darkrandomkid	lang-xdl	1	Project Manager
hikaruyami	lang-xdl	1	Developer
rythin	lanmanwiki	1	 
vijoy	lanmanwiki	1	Support Technician
flrt	lantern	1	 
pensarguet	lantern	1	Developer
cyberwarriorx	lapetus	1	 
darrint	lapidary	0	Developer
jjthrash	lapidary	0	Developer
terraalien	lapidary	1	 
akshun_j	laptoplinux	1	Project Manager
astralissimo	laptoplinux	1	Developer
gorn	laptoplinux	1	Developer
knightabe	laptoplinux	1	Developer
montanaro	largefiles	1	 
schlatterbeck	largefiles	1	Project Manager
fypraxa	largemask	1	Developer
golthar	lascos	1	 
m4niac	lastfmlibrary	1	 
ritujain	laszloextension	1	 
latestlinux	latestlinux	1	All-Hands Person
chicane	latte	1	 
ryanw	latte	1	 
ingorichter	launcheclipse	1	 
luciferc	layman	1	Developer
bigbadcoder	lazybones	1	 
alexfont	lbaprojects	0	Web Designer
kargeor	lbaprojects	1	 
obrasilo	lbaprojects	1	Developer
aglitke	lbs	0	Developer
bullpen	lbs	0	 
christiansen	lbs	0	Developer
epasch	lbs	0	 
frankeh	lbs	0	Developer
gerrithuizenga	lbs	0	Developer
hadeg	lbs	0	Developer
harnett	lbs	0	Developer
hartner	lbs	0	Developer
hlinder	lbs	0	Developer
janis	lbs	0	Developer
jwright	lbs	1	 
kenroz	lbs	1	Developer
lotsbug	lbs	1	 
n0ano	lbs	1	 
nagar	lbs	1	Developer
ndabney	lbs	1	 
paulmckenney	lbs	1	Developer
raybry	lbs	1	Developer
sunil	lbs	1	Project Manager
timw	lbs	1	All-Hands Person
wookie	lbs	1	Project Manager
lbell	lbugtrack	1	 
derkork	lcarsx	1	All-Hands Person
lcarsvision	lcarsx	1	Project Manager
stefan222	lcd-1wire-jar	1	All-Hands Person
ctron	lcl	1	Project Manager
merlinld	lcl	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
true_mojo	lcolorpicker	1	 
aiju	ldap-pp	1	Developer
lais	ldap-pp	1	Developer
ssenthil416	ldap-pp	1	Developer
bcesare	ldapdotnetlib	1	 
mbulava	ldapdotnetlib	1	Developer
karlsfre	ldapeclipse	1	 
adamskogman	ldaptemplate	0	Developer
marthursson	ldaptemplate	1	Project Manager
ulsa	ldaptemplate	1	 
brunoloff	ldt	1	 
oubliete	leafs	1	 
freeborg	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
panther_d	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
anthonyrc	lecroyib	1	 
larryss	lecroyib	1	Project Manager
anthonyrc	lecroyvicp	1	 
schroff	lecroyvicp	1	Project Manager
ledestin	ledestin	1	 
tjpsoftware	ledgerlink	1	 
bde	leech	1	All-Hands Person
breivald	leech	1	Developer
lpackham	leesmp3class	1	 
gfxstyler	leeuwennet	1	 
gc159128	lefthand	0	Developer
jacek_s	lefthand	1	Project Manager
lefthand_pawel	lefthand	1	Developer
lefthand_robert	lefthand	1	 
piotrp	lefthand	1	Developer
undoo	lefthand	1	Developer
cybersys	legacy2linux	1	 
effevi	legacytcl	1	 
vampiera	legacytcl	1	Project Manager
funplc	legatonet	1	 
buzzmaster	legnetrpc	1	 
larix	legong	0	Web Designer
thaberkern	legong	1	Developer
gybenoit	legum	1	 
dengoy	lemonsms	0	 
mvivas	lemonsms	1	 
nocs	lemonsms	1	Developer
demetres	leonardolibrary	1	Project Manager
elbevacq	leonardolibrary	1	Developer
finocchi	leonardolibrary	1	Project Manager
ribbi	leonardolibrary	1	Developer
rrib	leonardolibrary	1	Developer
thepomy	leonardolibrary	1	Developer
brentonhouse	lepus	0	Developer
brianoneil	lepus	1	Developer
dlawton	lepus	1	Developer
jdecarlo	lepus	1	Developer
superflyz	lernquiz	1	 
bw4linux	lesser-libs	0	Developer
cumesoftware	lesser-libs	1	Project Manager
amai	lesstif	0	 
dannybackx	lesstif	1	 
jwrdegoede	lesstif	1	Developer
rwscott	lesstif	1	 
squeen	lesstif	1	Developer
ssiddiqi	lesstif	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
yanyanshen	letk	1	 
kurund	letsanswer	1	 
coding05	letsview	1	 
csakatoku	leuchtturm	1	 
tony_lai	leverpack	1	 
rodrigoallemand	leviticus	1	 
azlatanov	lfc	0	Developer
dsecrieru	lfc	1	Project Manager
jvirs	lfc	1	Developer
kdz13	lfc	1	Developer
lemo	lfc	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nvembar	lfc	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vishakha	lfc	1	Developer
mrslim	lflickr	1	Project Manager
martingallagher	lfp	0	Developer
ti_chris	lfp	1	 
fret	lgi	1	 
nytehorse	lgi	1	 
pkaluski	lguitest	1	 
lhksoft	lhktools	1	 
bluebear-dk	lib-bluestats	1	 
bertrik	lib-lpc2k	1	Developer
njansen	lib-lpc2k	1	Project Manager
shahzeb_ihsan	lib-lpc2k	1	Project Manager
jcmschmutz	lib2022	0	Web Designer
ternaryd	lib2022	1	 
fjardon	lib3df	1	 
blader22	lib4j	0	Developer
raffe_paffe	lib4j	1	Project Manager
milek	lib5600x	1	 
alboehm	libadacrypt-dev	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cforler	libadacrypt-dev	1	 
atomm1024	libaim	1	 
bdb	libaim	1	 
jonathanb	libaim	1	 
goodtim	libaimvb	1	 
justin_shreve	libajax	1	Project Manager
sgranjoux	libanjutapython	1	 
andreymirzoyan	libapl	1	 
lmarzullo	libappobj	1	 
vlg	libassa	1	 
libatron	libatron	1	 
boblun	libaudioio	1	 
alsierra	libavc1394	0	Developer
ddennedy	libavc1394	1	Project Manager
mando_woodie	libavc1394	1	Developer
nurgle	libavc1394	1	Developer
psinatmium	libavc1394	1	Developer
riotgear	libax	1	 
ayqazi	libayq	1	All-Hands Person
kazimirov	libb	1	All-Hands Person
artimage	libbase32	0	Developer
mapcar	libbase32	0	 
mccoy	libbase32	0	Developer
myers_carpenter	libbase32	1	Developer
nejucomo	libbase32	1	Developer
zooko	libbase32	1	 
alonk	libbash	1	Developer
gilran	libbash	1	Developer
hai-zaar	libbash	1	 
meeuw	libbash	1	Developer
andrewbull99	libbetfair-api	0	Developer
russgray	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
vossie	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
dynamite	libbinio	1	Developer
uschok	libbsl	1	 
alien999999999	libbt	0	Developer
bascule	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
dbpotgieter	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
jbarons	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
ksmathers	libbt	1	 
lonetech	libbt	1	All-Hands Person
ranzbak	libbt	1	Developer
shenson	libbt	1	Developer
sit	libbt	1	All-Hands Person
synx13	libbt	1	Developer
tamzdrgn	libbt	1	Developer
jferraz	libbx	1	 
halaszvari	libcconf	1	 
pbalogh	libcconf	1	Developer
canislupus	libcctest	1	 
airborne	libcddb	1	Developer
jcaratzas	libcddb	1	Project Manager
rockyb	libcddb	1	Developer
enzo	libcdrip	1	 
ludvigm	libcfgp	1	 
djerome	libcfi	1	 
thermal	libcfig	1	 
regexman	libcfu	1	 
aziegelb	libcisco	1	 
augestad	libclc	1	Project Manager
mollinie	libclc	1	Web Designer
randyhoward	libclc	1	Developer
lucast70	libcmpio	1	 
dprotti	libcmt	1	 
samir_bayani	libcn	1	 
photoneffect	libcon	1	 
ejoy	libconfig	1	 
mkzmx	libconio	1	 
salvadorfb	libconio	1	Developer
bsdfan3	libcpu	1	 
rickbeton	libcsp	1	 
cbond	libctk	0	 
doviende	libctk	1	 
neuro	libctk	1	Developer
rol	libctk	1	 
terpstra	libctk	1	 
torsten	libctk	1	 
trakker	libctk	1	 
elesage	libcw	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
libcw	libcw	1	All-Hands Person
clsk	libcwd	0	Tester
libcw	libcwd	1	 
phase	libcwd	1	Tester
hfiguiere	libcwk	1	 
hub	libcwk	1	Project Manager
gcogniaux	libcx	1	 
clearer	libd20	1	Project Manager
mflayer	libd20	1	Developer
royratcliffe	libdaemonselect	1	 
virtex	libdate	1	 
kwaclaw	libdb-dotnet	1	 
pazzooo	libdbms	1	Project Manager
nabla52	libdbuspp	1	 
tshadb	libdbutil	1	 
ajalkane	libdht	1	Project Manager
dsamersoff	libdms	1	 
mbelop	libdms	1	Developer
svolokitina	libdms	1	Developer
matthoskins	libdocsis	1	 
kingofgib	libds	1	 
esimone	libdsml2	1	 
sonarnerd	libdsp	1	All-Hands Person
supertaz	libdthreads	1	 
ecostanza	libdtouch	1	 
justen_hyde	libdtouch	1	 
okueng	libdtouch	1	 
sinverso	libdtouch	1	 
felipo	libdwg	1	 
jbm	libedio	1	 
thehobbit	libedit	1	 
mrmacman_g4	libfinch	1	 
dustintrammell	libfindrtp	1	 
helge5	libfoundation	1	 
ovidiu	libfoundation	1	All-Hands Person
zauju	libframegrabber	1	 
esammer	libfssearch	1	Project Manager
cemason	libgba	1	 
tb100	libgba	1	Project Manager
axilmar73	libgc	1	 
nijibabulu	libgenc	1	 
mike_ull	libgenesis	1	 
murphycode	libgenma	1	 
sbfaulkner	libgenx	1	 
gpardini	libgexecutor	1	 
saettaz	libgfeed	1	 
murrayc	libglademm	1	Developer
scorpio	libglademm	1	 
stas_zytkiewicz	libgmail	0	 
wdaher	libgmail	1	 
xfollower	libgmail	1	 
odinhuntr	libgmonopd	1	 
braddabug	libgui	1	Project Manager
gvoncken	libguytools	1	 
skapare	libh	1	 
domatlantida	libhandlers	1	 
kzamir	libhdate	1	 
null_and_void	libhfs	1	 
emery	libhoard	1	 
kballen	libhunk	1	 
apankrat	libike	1	 
garyjharris	libinfo	1	 
s_a_white	libini	1	 
markusheinz	libinklevel	1	 
gyunaev	libircclient	1	All-Hands Person
tiian	libjf	1	 
jmmcg	libjmmcg	1	All-Hands Person
madduck	libkdtree	1	 
devilplus	libkosl	1	Project Manager
masi	liblatin1	1	 
nando76	liblog	1	 
ihv	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
mutanabbi	libmage	1	Developer
zaufi	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
askalski	libmcal	0	 
chuck	libmcal	1	Project Manager
inan	libmcal	1	 
magistr	libmcal	1	Developer
markie	libmcal	1	 
rufustfirefly	libmcal	1	 
zircote	libmcal	1	 
loosifer	libmetrics	1	 
libmluv	libmluv	1	 
mooreb	libmooreb	1	 
aotto1968	libmsgque	1	 
p4p3r0	libndsfpc	1	 
gfoot	libnet	1	 
tjaden	libnet	1	 
jshepher	libnix	1	 
avanox	libnox	1	Project Manager
g-i-x	libnox	1	Developer
rbruma	libnwrap	1	 
arjan	liboauth	1	 
mworrell	liboauth	1	 
x42	liboauth	1	 
alexhornby	libodbcxx	1	Developer
alexoss	libodbcxx	1	Developer
janrune	libodbcxx	1	Developer
lothrop	libodbcxx	1	Developer
manush	libodbcxx	1	Developer
petehug	libodbcxx	1	Developer
mrf	libonyx	1	Developer
dezelin	liboptical	1	 
allenrlevin	libopus	0	Developer
davidwilson	libopus	1	 
jgoetsch	libopus	1	 
karmicro	libopus	1	Project Manager
pace	libopus	1	 
ymanma	libox	1	 
rvinyard	libpapyrus	1	 
archiecobbs	libpdel	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mgooderum	libpdel	1	Project Manager
jpitts	libpdu	1	 
dvogel0	libpg	1	 
byuu	libpirate	0	 
d-xiansheng	libpirate	1	 
dov-g	libplis	1	 
tragicwarrior	libpseudo	1	 
andrew-c	libpsync	0	Developer
benbuck	libpsync	1	All-Hands Person
totalnubee	libpsync	1	 
rbdj	libpvm	1	 
rdj	libpvm	1	 
gshort	libqpro	1	 
blightx0r	libqxl	1	 
afe_coda	libqxt	1	Project Manager
alqualos	libqxt	1	 
bnilsen	libqxt	1	Developer
deepdiver	libqxt	1	Developer
jpnurmi	libqxt	1	Developer
magotari	libqxt	1	Editorial/Content Writer
markpetryk	libqxt	1	Developer
mashmorgan	libqxt	1	Developer
xparanoidj	libqxt	1	Project Manager
zbenjamin	libqxt	1	Developer
dj51d	libradio	1	 
wedge-antilles	librandom	1	 
aeb	libraw1394	1	 
bencollins	libraw1394	1	 
ddennedy	libraw1394	1	 
pdoane	libre	0	 
vouillon	libre	1	 
harshy	librendevous	0	Developer
sadjester	librendevous	1	 
sunking	librendevous	1	Web Designer
todesschaf	librendevous	1	Developer
tritiumosu	librendevous	1	Tester
ajalkane	libreudp	1	Developer
lteo	libroots	0	No specific role
njuneja	libroots	1	Developer
weierophinney	librox-perl	1	 
abo	librsync	1	Developer
bescoto	librsync	1	Developer
jgoerzen	librsync	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mbp	librsync	1	All-Hands Person
sfllaw	librsync	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tromer	librsync	1	Developer
wayned	librsync	1	Developer
tomek_h	librtf	1	 
djerome	libscl	1	 
tmassi	libsfee-perl	1	 
shadosan	libsges	1	 
s_parlane	libshare	1	 
sonarnerd	libsharedmem	1	 
poettering	libshbuf	1	 
samc	libshbuf	1	Developer
daniel_e	libsigc	0	Developer
hvr	libsigc	0	 
kenelson	libsigc	1	 
ldv	libsigc	1	 
murrayc	libsigc	1	 
rottmann	libsigc	1	Developer
teebaum	libsigc	1	Project Manager
rottmann	libsigcx	1	 
bonzini	libsigsegv	1	Developer
haible	libsigsegv	1	 
genone	libsilt	1	Project Manager
nikias	libsilt	1	Developer
lestang	libsmtp	0	 
t_benk	libsmtp	1	 
yebo	libsmtp	1	 
umeditor	libsnet	1	Project Manager
umjarod	libsnet	1	Developer
wescraig	libsnet	1	Developer
asayama	libspe	0	Developer
d_herrendoerfer	libspe	1	Developer
gerhard_stenzel	libspe	1	Developer
hiro_m	libspe	1	Developer
rseiffert	libspe	1	Project Manager
edschouten	libspiff	0	Developer
hartwork	libspiff	1	Project Manager
trolocsis	libspython	1	 
evertonm	libsrv	0	No specific role
vanrein	libsrv	1	 
ange1a	libssh2	0	 
bagder	libssh2	1	Developer
dbrobins	libssh2	1	Developer
dfandrich	libssh2	1	Developer
dottedmag	libssh2	1	Developer
edink	libssh2	1	Developer
gknauf	libssh2	1	Developer
jas4711	libssh2	1	Developer
jehousley	libssh2	1	Developer
puudeli	libssh2	1	Developer
sarag	libssh2	1	Project Manager
schneesturm	libssh2	1	Developer
thomaspu	libssh2	1	Developer
tor2	libssh2	1	Developer
wez	libssh2	1	Developer
yangtse	libssh2	1	Developer
proberts99	libsssd	1	 
vlm	libstrfunc	1	 
vss	libstrfunc	1	Developer
jes	libstring	1	 
eduardoaguiar	libswf	1	 
edgarzpp	libsx	1	Developer
flcl_2001	libsx	1	Project Manager
lacax	libsx	1	Project Manager
freedom	libtabe	0	 
hao	libtabe	0	 
shawn	libtabe	1	 
thhsieh	libtabe	1	 
william	libtabe	1	 
coldstore	libtclpq	1	 
akitabright	libtek	1	 
eltvn	libtermsrv	1	Developer
max_av	libtermsrv	1	 
omegaprojects	libtext	1	 
ilttv	libthreadpool	1	 
lostclus	libtimidity	1	 
vktr	libtour	1	 
cmbrandenburg	libtric	1	 
silverfunk	libtric	1	 
codeserf	libtui	1	Developer
derbeyn	libtune	1	 
dionjp	libtune	1	Project Manager
boomlala	libuix	0	 
some_creature	libuix	1	 
vaclavslavik	libunicows	1	 
michelan	libup	1	All-Hands Person
gbloisi	liburi	1	 
bradh	libusb	0	Developer
cdfrey	libusb	0	Developer
dsd_	libusb	1	 
ebcdic	libusb	1	Developer
hjelmn	libusb	1	Developer
hun	libusb	1	Developer
jerdfelt	libusb	1	Developer
jjreynold	libusb	1	Developer
uncleop	libusb	1	Developer
marquardt	libusb-win32	0	Developer
peerroyla	libusb-win32	0	Developer
ste_meyer	libusb-win32	1	Project Manager
trobinso	libusbdotnet	1	 
feeel	libv	1	 
chaos-dev	libvalkyrie	1	 
fuujin	libvalkyrie	1	Developer
tragicwarrior	libviper	1	 
lcsondes	libvsml	1	All-Hands Person
psyon	libw11	1	 
caelum	libwin32-exp	1	 
wonder_mice	libxdt	1	 
cleit	libxls	1	Project Manager
dhoerl	libxls	1	Developer
alexxy	libxml2f90	1	 
bic2k	libxmlconf	1	 
manuel_bl	libxpp	1	 
proberts99	libxze2	1	 
g17m0	libymp	1	 
khanreaper	libzi	1	 
artimage	libzstr	0	Developer
icepick	libzstr	1	 
mapcar	libzstr	1	Developer
mccoy	libzstr	1	Developer
nejucomo	libzstr	1	Developer
zooko	libzstr	1	 
kaufi	libztl	1	Project Manager
upes	libztl	1	Project Manager
artimage	libzutil	0	Developer
icepick	libzutil	1	 
mccoy	libzutil	1	Developer
nejucomo	libzutil	1	Developer
zooko	libzutil	1	 
tom_weber	libzz	1	 
jackiy	light	1	Developer
sonyichi	light	1	 
electron100	lightfeather	1	 
mandrav	lightfeather	1	Developer
mm765	lightfeather	1	 
spech	lightfire3d	1	 
cesarmello	lightforms	1	 
hugo_pl	lightforms	1	Developer
tradams	lightforms	1	Developer
lightro	lightro2	1	 
digx	lightsign	1	 
ad_admin	lightworking	1	 
jljljjl	liiil	1	 
huxhorn	lilith	1	 
leethomason	lilith3d	1	 
dergri	liltc	1	 
billorcutt	lily	1	 
andreavalente	limacat	1	Project Manager
limacat	limacat	1	 
chien-liang	lime2	1	Project Manager
chr1s77	lime2	1	Developer
j2payton	lime2	1	Developer
qingfeng	lime2	1	Developer
raduh	lime2	1	Developer
orhan_albay	lin-ecs	1	 
nilsjuergens	lin-prog-newbie	1	 
robos	lin-prog-newbie	1	 
myamato	linda	1	 
luca85	lindo-language	1	 
akira_ag	lineargs	1	 
icemanx169	linecount	1	 
foolinux	linecounter	1	 
koseki	lingounit	1	 
pne	lingua-zompist	1	 
puddlor	linklipse	1	 
kuehner	linlocalize	1	Project Manager
mfrid	lintcheck	1	 
adaplas	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
bradd	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
geertu	linux-fbdev	1	Project Manager
janim	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
jgarzik	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
jsimmons	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
lethal	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
sottek	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
vana	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
wyo	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
gopu	linux-xp	0	Developer
linuxxp	linux-xp	1	Unix Admin
mbf	linux-xp	1	Project Manager
forkprong	linuxforclinics	1	Project Manager
altememy	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
johank82	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
maartenclaes	linuxrtwrapper	1	 
wrappersrood	linuxrtwrapper	1	Developer
meghdoot	linuxversion	1	 
aurelius	linvb	1	 
andikt01	linviex	1	Project Manager
actonme	liquibase	0	Developer
csuml	liquibase	0	Developer
dbargiel	liquibase	0	Developer
dhennessy	liquibase	0	Developer
michael_tauer	liquibase	0	Developer
msjurset	liquibase	1	Project Manager
nvoxland	liquibase	1	Developer
plm31	liquibase	1	Developer
rbarroso	liquibase	1	Developer
yahonda	liquibase	1	Developer
nvoxland	liquibasenet	1	Project Manager
vidar1	liquibasenet	1	 
davidhilton	lisa	0	Developer
youngde	lisa	1	Project Manager
mschollmeyer	lisbon	1	Developer
frankbuss	lispbuilder	1	Developer
hairytroll	lispbuilder	1	Developer
justinhj	lispbuilder	1	Developer
lpells	lispcplusplus	1	 
pace	lispm	1	 
johnnyb	literatexml	1	 
gordago	liteupdate	1	 
link0000	litprog4j	1	 
hajokirchhoff	litwindow	1	 
suntong001	live-developers	1	 
live_python	livepython	1	 
jacobsuraj	living	1	 
daddygravity	livingcode	1	 
hfastedge	lj-xmltlib	1	 
lhksoft	lkdbapi	1	 
leon_kon	lkjson	1	 
reback	lklist	1	 
milev_r	lmappletserver	0	Developer
pesalomo	lmappletserver	1	 
xshaolin	lmappletserver	1	Project Manager
hal0zer0	lmss	1	 
proberts99	lmy	1	 
joaxazevedo	ln-slack-maemo	1	 
marcelo_guara	ln-slack-maemo	1	Developer
epesh	ln2	1	Project Manager
ipojman	ln2	1	Developer
tastapod	ln2	1	Developer
gen2joki	lnc	0	Developer
jwhitehorn	lnc	1	All-Hands Person
lehner	lnc	1	Developer
rhat	lnc	1	Developer
iotter	load4j	1	 
wschlegel	load4j	1	 
thoughtpolice	loaditv2	1	 
gholam	loadsim	0	 
vsheffer	loadsim	1	 
bryanche	loadunit	1	 
olenus	lobaccessor	1	Project Manager
satish_chandra	loc-calculator	1	 
kammerl	locationtrader	1	 
tobiasdietl	locationtrader	1	 
h-suzuki	locky	0	Unix Admin
nkawa	locky	1	 
s-fujita	locky	1	Developer
takeshi_sasaki	locky	1	Developer
gil_gam	locomotive	0	 
pikemon	locomotive	0	 
raaum	locomotive	1	All-Hands Person
paolocarrasco	log-reader	1	 
chicagobob	log4cocoa	1	Developer
cmh	log4cocoa	1	Developer
treaves	log4cocoa	1	Project Manager
baldheadedguy	log4cplus	0	Developer
darkwarrior	log4cplus	0	Developer
hey_martini	log4cplus	0	Developer
marcelruff	log4cplus	0	Developer
tcsmith	log4cplus	1	Project Manager
wilx	log4cplus	1	 
aghoras	log4cpp	0	Developer
aingram	log4cpp	0	Developer
bastiaan	log4cpp	1	Developer
dark--angel	log4cpp	1	Developer
dresnick	log4cpp	1	Developer
francisandre	log4cpp	1	Developer
glen_s	log4cpp	1	Developer
harkema	log4cpp	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
legoater	log4cpp	1	Developer
nossareh	log4cpp	1	Developer
sostlind	log4cpp	1	Developer
tapaccos	log4cpp	1	Developer
uwej	log4cpp	1	Developer
waffel	log4cpp	1	Project Manager
ytcheung	log4cpp	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
mcatan	log4cxx	1	 
aguevara	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
barowc	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
dannyf	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
dasen	log4d	1	Project Manager
jfritch	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
jgrange	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
kbwood	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
mjustin	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
andismirre	log4eclipse	0	Developer
hafnetob	log4eclipse	0	Developer
timonentwig	log4eclipse	1	 
coyner_b	log4fix	1	Developer
andersk	log4j	1	 
cgu	log4j	1	 
rerouter	log4j	1	 
dykstrom	log4j-mode	1	 
phah	log4j2db	1	All-Hands Person
witmate	log4j2me	1	 
jova59	log4j4eclipse	1	 
gabbychr	log4janalyzer	1	 
snakhla	log4nb	1	 
drieseng	log4net	0	Developer
ncadell	log4net	1	All-Hands Person
ndaley	log4net	1	Project Manager
neoworks	log4net	1	Project Manager
kgoess	log4perl	1	Project Manager
mschilli	log4perl	1	Project Manager
preisl	log4py	1	Project Manager
rexorient	log4py	1	Developer
fando	log4r	1	 
dvicente72	loganlzr	1	Developer
refeyton	loganlzr	1	Developer
pgampe	logfile-radius	1	 
phporcaffeine	loggin	1	 
aeden	logitest	1	Project Manager
clancymalcolm	logitest	1	Developer
zendragon	logitest	1	Developer
bnantz	logkit-net	1	 
normanjames	logreader	1	 
aregatba	logroller	1	 
dslewis	logthis	1	 
pjotrp	logtodo	1	Project Manager
p-salnikov	logtrack	1	Developer
bimcio	logui	0	Developer
oburn	logui	1	 
dconlan	logview4j	0	Developer
jpassenger	logview4j	1	Project Manager
thinkerwiz	logwriter	1	 
loko	loko-jinx	1	 
gercan	lomboz	0	No specific role
objectlearn	lomboz	1	 
mtnygard	longhall	1	 
farhi	looktxt	1	 
dgomezg	loom	0	 
ehdez	loom	0	Developer
ezitox	loom	0	 
ggfernandez	loom	0	 
icoloma	loom	1	 
rgrocha	loom	1	Project Manager
rsfernandez	loom	1	 
alley	loomthread	1	 
nardo	loomthread	1	Developer
zavatt	loomthread	1	Developer
ringjanitor	lor	1	Project Manager
astone42	loreandlutes	1	 
ecoffey	loreandlutes	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
gauky	lostgodcards	1	 
mensajero	lostgodcards	1	 
miple	lovall	1	 
alexannika	lowlevellib	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
levelone	lowlevellib	1	Project Manager
cydust	lprs	1	 
aegluke	lptk	0	Developer
graemeg	lptk	0	Developer
nvitya	lptk	1	 
g_skronn	lroa	1	 
lrodier	lrshelldotnet	1	 
trungtran	lrttester	1	Project Manager
batsman	lsed	1	 
krzysztof_k	lsf-drmaa	1	 
lciesnik	lsf-drmaa	1	 
mamonski	lsf-drmaa	1	 
szalik	lsf-drmaa	1	 
seancallaway	lsock	1	 
aittner	lsp2html	1	 
ilmcuts	lssdk	1	Project Manager
repugnant	lssdk	1	Project Manager
scilence	lssdk	1	Project Manager
csejl	ltfx	0	Developer
edirman	ltfx	0	Developer
jlakhani	ltfx	1	Project Manager
jster	ltfx	1	Developer
lteemant	ltfx	1	 
alvarado	ltilib	1	Project Manager
arndh	ltilib	1	Developer
bentsch	ltilib	1	Developer
danielbeier	ltilib	1	Developer
doerfler	ltilib	1	Developer
falfaro	ltilib	1	Tester
f_lange	ltilib	1	Developer
goenner	ltilib	1	Developer
gquiros	ltilib	1	Developer
haehnel	ltilib	1	Developer
hawk78	ltilib	1	Developer
jbhayet	ltilib	1	 
jbogarin	ltilib	1	Tester
jpalvarado	ltilib	1	Developer
jzieren	ltilib	1	Developer
libuda	ltilib	1	Developer
ljubica	ltilib	1	Developer
ltilib	ltilib	1	Developer
maguilar21	ltilib	1	Tester
nabeeliqbal	ltilib	1	Developer
olibra	ltilib	1	Developer
pitzer	ltilib	1	Developer
r07garcia	ltilib	1	Tester
suatakyol	ltilib	1	Developer
tamaki	ltilib	1	Developer
wickel	ltilib	1	Developer
aaronbowen	ltp	0	Web Designer
alaffin	ltp	0	Developer
animarathe	ltp	0	Developer
bernarde	ltp	0	Developer
dan_m_smith	ltp	0	Developer
dbarrera	ltp	0	Developer
iyermanoj	ltp	0	All-Hands Person
jethbu	ltp	0	Developer
jmonk2	ltp	0	Developer
lige	ltp	0	Developer
lindajs	ltp	0	Developer
martinjn	ltp	0	Developer
mreed10	ltp	1	Developer
mridge	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
ndabney	ltp	1	Tester
nhinds	ltp	1	Developer
nstraz	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
oberpapr	ltp	1	Developer
parseexception	ltp	1	Developer
plars	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
robbiew	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
saglass	ltp	1	Developer
sowmya_adiga	ltp	1	Developer
subrata_modak	ltp	1	Developer
vapier	ltp	1	Developer
cvogler	lua-users	0	Developer
jbelmonte	lua-users	1	Project Manager
rrt	lua-users	1	 
traumwind	lua-users	1	No specific role
trout	lua-users	1	 
maxm-74	lua4delphi	1	 
arvidn	luabind	1	Developer
daniel_wallin	luabind	1	 
davidkamphausen	luabind	1	No specific role
grafik	luabind	1	Developer
neomantra	luabind	1	Developer
porterj	luabind	1	Developer
reedbeta	luabridge	1	 
guilharj	luaeclipse	1	Project Manager
tuler	luaeclipse	1	 
rizzato	luajava	0	Developer
tponte	luajava	1	 
akheron	luamm	1	Project Manager
betek	luamm	1	Project Manager
deklund2	luau	1	Project Manager
smitty586	lucid-gdk	1	 
jloramas	lucollector	1	 
alkaid	lugman	0	Developer
dsavazzi	lugman	1	 
negher	lugman	1	Developer
abial	luke	1	 
fed3rico	lulop2	0	Developer
paazio	lulop2	1	 
chadrik	luma-pymel	1	 
mluker	lumberjack	1	 
boercher	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
genady	lunar-eclipse	1	 
stefanheimann	lunar-eclipse	1	Developer
franxisco1988	lunea	0	Unix Admin
mballesteros	lunea	0	Developer
soywiz	lunea	1	Project Manager
sschrecker	lure	1	 
vamp201	luxor-contrib	1	 
b0z0mind	luxor-xul	0	Developer
ilits	luxor-xul	0	Developer
vamp201	luxor-xul	1	 
geven	lvdevtools	0	Developer
henkhessel	lvdevtools	0	Developer
rbreen	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
vernhout	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
leandrosales	lvs	1	 
hib	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
lucky799999	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
maso79	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
petervr	lwneuralnet	1	Developer
lucky799999	lwneuralnetplus	1	Project Manager
maso79	lwneuralnetplus	1	 
petervr	lwneuralnetplus	1	Developer
argggh	lxr	0	Developer
brondsem	lxr	0	Developer
jbglaw	lxr	0	Developer
mbox	lxr	1	All-Hands Person
pergj	lxr	1	Developer
pok	lxr	1	Developer
psmith	lxr	1	Developer
lycono	lyconfig	1	 
nicka1354	lynxgear	1	 
elau	lyric	0	Developer
schutzm	lyric	1	Project Manager
bfallenstein	lyterate	1	 
urmeli	lzo-net	1	 
sktg84	lzwcom	1	 
maxlego	m-f-w	1	 
databyte	m-n-mumps	1	Project Manager
kdtop	m-n-mumps	1	Developer
nanthracite	m-n-mumps	1	Developer
mathews_it-3	m-t3	1	 
lkrecan	m2-repoindex	1	 
hhabermann	m23	1	 
chenwang	m2b3	1	 
hjtoi	m2crypto	1	 
computer-grid	m2everyware	1	 
giord666	m2v	1	 
m2xdev	m2x	1	 
alexandresw	m3dea	1	Developer
paulorp	m3dea	1	 
tgcap	m3g-viewer	1	 
alcinf	m3tk	1	 
kollross	m4x	1	Project Manager
brazilianfan	mabslay	1	 
pudge	mac-toolbox	1	 
blackwolf359	mac2pc	1	 
auria	macdylibbundler	1	 
macguru	macgurucplusuts	1	 
niemeyer	macrosystem	1	 
madedit	madedit	1	Project Manager
behemotha	madeleine	0	 
ghettojedi	madeleine	0	Developer
ndrs	madeleine	1	 
sdsykes	madeleine	1	Developer
tirsen	madeleine	1	 
basoft	magesrc	0	Developer
elcondormage	magesrc	1	 
fablezouave	magic-db	1	 
magainic	magicpim	1	 
bastiaan	magnum	1	Developer
jhenyal	magnum	1	Developer
kellan	magpierss	1	 
lokalno	magy	1	 
sanjayak	mahatittha	1	 
ventz	mail2ipod	1	 
vor0nwe	mailburrower	1	All-Hands Person
abalabanb	mailtext	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
olf	mailtext	1	 
paraxenic	mailtext	1	Developer
bryanlewis	mainejug	0	Developer
carifio	mainejug	0	Developer
cdoremus	mainejug	1	Project Manager
chowda	mainejug	1	Developer
cmlasalle	mainejug	1	Developer
dezzio	mainejug	1	Project Manager
dwcorwin	mainejug	1	No specific role
innnnate	mainejug	1	Developer
jmpriest	mainejug	1	Developer
mtdonahue	mainejug	1	No specific role
plughead	mainejug	1	Project Manager
ratlifc	mainejug	1	 
shawnyboy	mainejug	1	Developer
byrnereese	majordojo	1	 
zoeloeboeloe	makeajackson	1	 
xmevs	makeasy	1	 
jimpsed	makerside	1	 
sdelplanque	maktaba	1	 
peterboehringer	maloney	1	Project Manager
gnudownload	mambolearn	0	Project Manager
pcdoyen	mambolearn	1	Unix Admin
kojuharo	maml	1	 
beo	mammoothlibrary	1	Project Manager
mmteam	mammoothlibrary	1	 
sjmulder	managedgl	1	 
ayrnieu	manarchive	0	 
bojar	manarchive	1	 
juliensf	manarchive	1	Developer
sandius	manarchive	1	 
sigsegv11	manbuild	1	 
libxc	mancxx	1	 
schoenborno	mango-ptr	1	 
jalilv	mano	0	Developer
mbalves	mano	0	 
umuhk	mano	1	 
felipetrujillo	manta	1	Developer
g-leyva	manta	1	Developer
vtamara	manta	1	Developer
achumakov	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davidnewcomb	mantisbt	0	Developer
dgtlrift	mantisbt	0	 
dwarrine5	mantisbt	0	Developer
gebeine	mantisbt	0	Developer
giallu	mantisbt	0	Developer
jbrugger	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jlatour	mantisbt	0	Developer
kingargyle1	mantisbt	0	Developer
marcelloscata	mantisbt	0	Developer
martinfuchs	mantisbt	0	Developer
narcissus	mantisbt	0	Developer
nepto	mantisbt	0	Developer
nuclear_eclipse	mantisbt	0	Developer
planser	mantisbt	0	Developer
prichards	mantisbt	0	Developer
ryandesign	mantisbt	0	 
siebrand	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
thraxisp	mantisbt	0	Developer
vboctor	mantisbt	1	Project Manager
zakman	mantisbt	1	Developer
thesilentkiller	mapgrabber	1	 
eladganot	maple	0	Project Manager
imaman	maple	1	 
ebariaux	mapperframework	1	 
fmjrey	mapperframework	1	Project Manager
sean_225	mapstudio	1	 
burley0727	marblehorse	0	 
dexter-mh	marblehorse	0	 
fejj	marblehorse	0	 
fingolfin	marblehorse	0	Developer
gabe	marblehorse	0	 
khemicals	marblehorse	0	 
khemicalstest	marblehorse	0	 
needo	marblehorse	0	 
roguemtl	marblehorse	1	 
snippy	marblehorse	1	 
vraravam	markerexport	1	 
fabiano818	market-garden	0	 
jrrodrigues	market-garden	1	 
marceliinojava	market-garden	1	Developer
salomaojava	market-garden	1	 
thiagosjava	market-garden	1	Support Manager
ivdkleyn	marshallingyard	1	 
justusbrugman	marshallingyard	1	Unix Admin
seeplusplus	marta	1	Developer
chamindra	marvim	1	 
andreic	masc	1	 
daemeh	masc	1	Developer
davidbfox	mase	0	 
djandrey	mase	0	Developer
frankomaurer	mase	1	Project Manager
friegger	mase	1	 
jkordowski	mase	1	Developer
keynan	mase	1	Developer
knehring	mase	1	Developer
maha86	mase	1	Developer
masecvsaccount	mase	1	Developer
msnfaraz	mase	1	Developer
patdaman999	mase	1	Developer
xdxiaoxin	mase	1	Developer
yghanam	mase	1	Developer
zushikate	mase	1	Developer
amarillion	masking	0	 
miranamon	masking	1	 
maslan	maslanassembly	1	 
noske	massageboxautom	1	 
jbarnaby	masteraqua	1	 
mastersto	mastersto	1	 
atiqe	mastoo	0	Developer
mam2009	mastoo	1	Developer
sbaf	mastoo	1	 
dwondrousch	matc	1	 
parghami	math-parser	1	 
bobbymcr	math-symbolic	0	Developer
mwk	math-symbolic	0	Developer
oxe	math-symbolic	0	Developer
tsee	math-symbolic	1	 
babernat	mathcomp	1	 
unixrat	mathfun	1	 
colinbb	mathlib3d	1	Project Manager
astraw	matplotlib	0	Developer
cmoad	matplotlib	1	Developer
dmkaplan	matplotlib	1	Developer
dsdale	matplotlib	1	Developer
efiring	matplotlib	1	Developer
fer_perez	matplotlib	1	Developer
jdh2358	matplotlib	1	Developer
jouni	matplotlib	1	Developer
jrevans	matplotlib	1	Developer
jswhit	matplotlib	1	Developer
leejjoon	matplotlib	1	Developer
mdboom	matplotlib	1	Developer
mmetz_bn	matplotlib	1	Developer
nnemec	matplotlib	1	Developer
pkienzle	matplotlib	1	Developer
ryanmay	matplotlib	1	Developer
sameerd	matplotlib	1	Developer
blackrob	matrix-template	1	 
mkyas	maude-mode	0	Developer
rudi	maude-mode	1	 
eelco12	mav	1	All-Hands Person
jaxman	mav	1	Developer
lhoriman	mav	1	 
mmoulton	mav	1	Developer
nmrs	mav	1	Developer
prophecyslides	mav	1	Developer
skot	mav	1	 
thusted	mav	1	 
adamselene	maven-erlang	1	Project Manager
pguyot	maven-erlang	1	 
kevin_conaway	maven-jlex	1	 
ashleychapman	maverick	0	 
cbyrum	maverick	1	 
emaverick	maverick	1	 
herbr	maverick	1	 
jsolomon	maverick	1	 
rjc	maverick	1	 
corts	mavnet	1	Developer
nmrs	mavnet	1	 
skot	mavnet	1	 
maxboom	maxco	1	 
doc_linux	maxlinux	0	Doc Writer
kelledin	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
xpl2	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
lukemaxon	maxonrules	1	 
maxvirtual	maxvirtual	1	 
djander	mb9xisp	1	 
vlc	mbasic	1	 
michaelbutler	mbeanconfig	1	Project Manager
gassmann	mca2	0	No specific role
hochhold	mca2	0	No specific role
kayulrich	mca2	0	No specific role
klaus_uhl	mca2	1	Project Manager
luksch	mca2	1	Developer
quams	mca2	1	No specific role
ziegenm	mca2	1	Project Manager
zjm	mca2	1	No specific role
skanga	mcap	1	 
coderdude	mcdx	1	Project Manager
diefenthal	mce-plugins	1	 
heloxone	mce-plugins	1	Developer
mibaltd	mcllib	1	 
ohlrogge	mconide	1	 
fedor_tyurin	mcontrolstation	1	Project Manager
burning_hill	mcrypt	0	Developer
choube_mehul	mcrypt	0	Developer
emerado	mcrypt	0	Developer
imipak	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
irl_chris	mcrypt	1	Developer
juhani_heino	mcrypt	1	Developer
niemeyer	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
nmav	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
rsiyer	mcrypt	1	Developer
senfo_99	mcrypt	1	Developer
sibc	mcrypt	1	Developer
steve_p16	mcrypt	1	Developer
sunheng	mcrypt	1	Project Manager
dw314159	mcs-libre	1	 
el-co	mcs-server	0	Doc Writer
mcs_developer	mcs-server	1	Developer
mrward	md-xed	1	Developer
awtopensource	mdaworkbench	1	 
herveleclerc	mdb2ingres	1	 
ozbulo	mdx-analyzer	1	 
jmayrbaeurl	meclipseplugpl	1	Project Manager
boss1	meddac	1	Developer
cybersongs	meddac	1	 
rob_jeffrey	meddac	1	Developer
snaos	meddac	1	Developer
madmonky1	meditphp	1	 
amai	meditres	1	Developer
dannybackx	meditres	1	Project Manager
mvidner	medoosa	1	Project Manager
dforger	medulla	1	 
natbudin	megabase	1	 
noahlandow	megabase	1	Developer
schmendrick	megabase	1	Developer
jsan	megatruquitos	1	 
asceai	megazeux	0	Developer
exophase	megazeux	1	Developer
mr_alert	megazeux	1	Developer
revvy	megazeux	1	Developer
terryn	megazeux	1	Support Manager
wizdom	megazeux	1	Web Designer
rconner	melange	1	 
dwarnock	melati	0	Developer
jimwrightbe	melati	1	Developer
mylesc	melati	1	 
timjoyce	melati	1	 
timp	melati	1	 
haighis	memcachedcf	1	 
timiscool999	memcacheddotnet	1	 
michaeltaft	memento	1	Project Manager
rtdean	memlib	1	 
tcepsa	memlib	1	 
shikin	memory-mgr	1	 
mccllc	memrspn	1	 
andreamedeghini	memstruct	1	Developer
javazoid	memstruct	1	Developer
fmar	menda	1	Developer
martyna	menda	1	Web Designer
simuran	menda	1	Developer
taneltanel	menda	1	Developer
johnw42	mendel	1	 
hk0i	mengen	1	 
velo_br	menta-ide	1	 
jocenildo	mentawai-plugin	1	 
alharper	menucracker	0	Developer
blofeld	menucracker	0	Developer
james_007_bond	menucracker	1	 
jmiltner	menucracker	1	Developer
roeincarnate	menucracker	1	Developer
menuetlibc	menuetlibc	1	 
shrirangb	menuetlibc	1	Developer
pepls	mercuri	1	All-Hands Person
mars-man	merida	1	 
lhende	merkwelt	0	Developer
markussp	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
notniko	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
stanwiechers	merkwelt	1	Project Manager
the0ther	merkwelt	1	Project Manager
nutcaserr	merlinlibs	1	 
agiardina	merlinwork	1	 
balliano	merlinwork	1	Developer
mahmut1	merve	1	 
airlied	mesa3d	0	Developer
alanh	mesa3d	1	Developer
anholt	mesa3d	1	Developer
brianp	mesa3d	1	Project Manager
davem69	mesa3d	1	Developer
dborca	mesa3d	1	Developer
dok666	mesa3d	1	Developer
fxkuehl	mesa3d	1	Developer
hwaechtler	mesa3d	1	Developer
idr	mesa3d	1	Developer
jonsmirl	mesa3d	1	Developer
joukj	mesa3d	1	Developer
jrfonseca	mesa3d	1	Developer
keithw	mesa3d	1	Developer
kschultz	mesa3d	1	Developer
randall-frank	mesa3d	1	Developer
syrjala	mesa3d	1	Developer
agersoor	meshisotroopin	1	 
cedrik_lime	messadmin	1	 
axelp	messageforge	0	Developer
hjawaid	messageforge	1	 
arthavus	mestrecontrol	1	 
hrasko	met	0	Developer
masakatsu	met	1	 
atkinson_b2	meta-jb	0	Developer
chafing	meta-jb	0	Developer
davesheremata	meta-jb	0	Developer
deinomight	meta-jb	0	Developer
dgarvis	meta-jb	0	Developer
dtidrow	meta-jb	0	Developer
esword	meta-jb	0	Developer
ewbragg	meta-jb	0	Developer
jeffreyerikson	meta-jb	0	 
lerxt	meta-jb	0	Developer
minh0001	meta-jb	0	 
mveitas	meta-jb	0	Developer
pspeed	meta-jb	1	Project Manager
pwwisnes	meta-jb	1	Developer
rconner	meta-jb	1	Developer
rda-autobuild	meta-jb	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
singram	meta-jb	1	Developer
soechtig	meta-jb	1	Developer
paubert	metaet	1	 
sjbrown	metagamesector	1	 
daedius	metahack	1	 
jtlien	metalasm	1	 
gongminmin	metalib	1	 
metalised	metalisedxml	1	 
bligneri	metamenu	0	Developer
jenos	metamenu	0	Developer
jsquyres	metamenu	1	Project Manager
muglerj	metamenu	1	Developer
naughtont	metamenu	1	Developer
ngorsuch	metamenu	1	Developer
hawkins0	metapersist	1	 
entrex	metarbe	1	 
pacca	metatext	1	 
martinellison	methodsupport	1	 
laserwada	metric-pl	1	 
donv70	metrics	0	Developer
gboissier	metrics	0	Developer
sauerf	metrics	1	Developer
tubrody	metrics	1	 
williamkeehn	metrics	1	Developer
vesa_karvonen	metricsanalyzer	1	 
dagvl	metrictime	1	Developer
dapendragon	metrictime	1	 
yildiray	metu-ihe-atna	1	 
yildiray	metu-ihe-pix	1	 
csimpson	mexjni	1	 
dayaparan	meyshanwall	1	 
flatmax	mffmlibsndfilew	1	 
rbfrenchy	mfsm	1	Project Manager
mgofficial	mgcore	1	 
daladala	mgdk	1	Developer
isglass	mgdk	1	 
imipak	mhash	1	Project Manager
niemeyer	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
nmav	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
fernandopassaro	mhpbox	1	Developer
igorgatis	mhpbox	1	Project Manager
leo_sobral	mhpbox	1	Developer
galaid	miaoumessenger	1	 
cdartnell	mic	0	Developer
fmichel	mic	1	Developer
gouaich	mic	1	Project Manager
raissi	mic	1	Developer
srv89	mic	1	Developer
dmanolescu	micro-workflow	1	 
pfryan	micro-workflow	1	Developer
evil_overlord	microberemains	0	 
sentrix	microberemains	1	Project Manager
binan	microbrowser	1	Developer
bskaarup	microbrowser	1	Developer
mimerdk	microbrowser	1	Developer
niksus	microbrowser	1	Developer
barteo	microemulator	1	 
microemu-build	microemulator	1	 
tisoft	microemulator	1	Developer
vlads	microemulator	1	 
michae1	microframe	1	 
rayshi	microfwk	1	 
bafarrar	microjavadallas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
doug75006	microjavadallas	1	Developer
koralage	microjavadallas	1	Developer
pansteth	microjavadallas	1	Developer
quikdraw	microjavadallas	1	Project Manager
vipul_sagare	microjavadallas	1	Developer
mnagata	micronova-yuzu	1	 
leethomason	micropather	1	 
alagumadhu	microshare	0	Developer
microshare	microshare	1	Project Manager
uwefeldtmann	microshare	1	Developer
nothingelz	mida	1	 
controlaltsup	mide3de2	1	 
vinyvat	midea	1	 
pre	midgard-rad	1	 
pyrus	midgard-rad	1	Developer
shadow_knight	midgard-rad	1	Developer
tcorbettclark	midge	1	 
thiefghost	midgetwindows	1	 
larsl	midicontrol	1	 
mikelly	midnightxen	1	 
cstup	midway	0	 
eggestad	midway	1	 
henrag	midway	1	All-Hands Person
arrrghnold	migrate4j	1	Developer
elindberg	migrate4j	1	Developer
ellisojl	migrate4j	1	Project Manager
eroi	migrate4j	1	Project Manager
james3253	migrate4j	1	Developer
sam_ware	migrate4j	1	Developer
toddrun	migrate4j	1	Developer
b_stancescu	milcovlib	1	 
anton2007	miliarder	1	 
minim_os	milib	1	 
sp0nge	milk	1	 
artursignell	millstone	0	Developer
henrimuurimaa	millstone	0	Tester
jarnokelanne	millstone	0	Developer
joonaslehtinen	millstone	1	Developer
marcenglund	millstone	1	Developer
msadmin	millstone	1	Unix Admin
samiekblad	millstone	1	Project Manager
villeingman	millstone	1	Developer
smcardle	mime-util	1	 
jcheng	mime4j	1	 
ntherning	mime4j	1	 
fral	mimerpm	1	Developer
ingvarp	mimerpm	1	Developer
mimerbg	mimerpm	1	Developer
mindtrader	mimersbrunn	1	Project Manager
tat0o	mimetic	1	All-Hands Person
mjclm	minc	1	 
jperaltac	mincur	1	 
mox27	mindebb	1	 
lazlohf	mindwidgets	1	 
dr_maux	mindx	1	Project Manager
pandur	mindx	1	 
sademar	mindx	1	 
tokoe82	mindx	1	Developer
kurozumifactory	minerva-library	1	 
obaysal	minervan	1	 
niunio	mingro	1	 
ela	mingwrep	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
pfalcon	mingwrep	1	All-Hands Person
si-design	mini-b3d	1	 
belal	minilib	0	Developer
jihad_khalifa	minilib	0	Developer
parmaja	minilib	1	Developer
empirex	miniserver	1	Project Manager
iapain007	miniserver	1	Developer
mpgcan	miniserver	1	Developer
t22t	miniserver	1	Developer
tolik	miniserver	1	Developer
cory_sf	minissd	0	Developer
retrev	minissd	1	 
ourutopia	ministone	0	Developer
swenker	ministone	1	 
jerker_back	miniwiz	1	Project Manager
psychogenic	minixml	1	 
jcr13	minorgems	1	 
jtavan	minorgems	1	Developer
jwa	minorgems	1	Developer
dpeters	minpo	1	 
vlasa	minstaller	1	 
akar_naveen	mira	0	Developer
beyonddc	mira	0	Developer
clsk	mira	0	Developer
farrukh123	mira	0	Developer
harishankar	mira	0	Support Manager
j_k9	mira	1	 
ntgn81	mira	1	Developer
shafiahmed	mira	1	Developer
tstone2077	mira	1	Developer
wb5cc23	mira	1	Developer
kristian_v	miranda-os	1	Developer
lenov	miriam	1	Project Manager
perkeo	miriam	1	Project Manager
fennema	mis	1	 
ankurmaheshwari	miset	0	 
anshulmishra	miset	0	 
khuranabal	miset	1	 
prakashdibya	miset	1	 
vardhan84	miset	1	 
jeffdrost	missionbase	1	 
mkolisek	misterengine	0	Developer
osterba	misterengine	0	Developer
rgrenar	misterengine	0	Developer
topolar	misterengine	1	Project Manager
minehe	mitochondria	1	 
alex_benson	mixlanguage	1	 
dmiceman	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
dsmith	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
metalskin	mjcalander	1	 
hommih	mjdf	1	 
gudujarlson	mjp	1	 
lhksoft	mjpgtools	1	 
cehall	mkdoxy	0	Developer
jmglov	mkdoxy	1	 
mmg_kraus	mkextensions	1	 
jimmyflynn	mklib	1	Project Manager
bgr	mklientsdk	0	 
merlincorey	mklientsdk	1	 
biseptol	mktoolset	0	Tester
cobster	mktoolset	0	Developer
heitara	mktoolset	0	Developer
mankillerbg	mktoolset	1	Developer
shadocko	mlam	1	 
mborbot	mlog	1	 
ekkelenkamp	mmapps	1	Developer
keesj	mmapps	1	Developer
korsvanbeem	mmapps	1	 
nklasens	mmapps	1	Developer
rveer	mmapps	1	Developer
wheijke	mmapps	1	Developer
alexanderb	mmix-mode	1	 
codefool	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
pne	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
vladimir	mmixmasters	1	Project Manager
mkloss	mmsg	1	 
rborsuk	mmsprites	1	 
masakatsu	mmt	1	 
mfx_	mnxj	1	 
jaccobikker	mobilecore	1	 
andrewescott	mobiledevtools	1	 
nyamga	mobiledic	1	Unix Admin
artide	mobilesuite	0	 
umibozu	mobilesuite	1	 
guerillapress	mobisudoku	1	 
dfurque	mobra	1	 
reassembler	mobys	1	 
helldisplay	moch	1	 
omenmedia	mocha4php	1	All-Hands Person
mochacafe	mochastudiocafe	1	 
jjmrocha	mocho	1	 
mockcahill	mockbase	1	Project Manager
aananiev	mockejb	1	 
dimitarg	mockejb	1	Developer
fastdragon	mockobject	1	Developer
custommonkey	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
drcottee	mockobjects	1	Developer
joeretro	mockobjects	1	Developer
macta	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
nitin_matrix	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
npryce	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
smgf	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
vmassol	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
wsargent	mockobjects	1	Developer
carle_cote	mockpp	0	Developer
danielweber	mockpp	0	Tester
ewald-arnold	mockpp	1	No specific role
aibba	mockrunner	1	Project Manager
gliptak	mockrunner	1	Developer
jcscoobyrs	mockrunner	1	Developer
chenno	mockservlet	1	 
corujo-h	mockservlet	1	Developer
oserna	mockservlet	1	Developer
eydelber	modauthfire	1	 
jan1024188	modelconverter	1	 
ruggier	modeling	0	Doc Writer
sbigaret	modeling	1	Project Manager
cushard	modinfo	1	 
jtillman	modinfo	1	 
scresto	modsysmem	1	 
jdmoreno	modulipse	1	 
graham_k	moink	1	 
feti	mojavi	1	 
illusina	mojavi	1	Project Manager
native_mind	mojavi	1	All-Hands Person
jgraz	mokit	1	Developer
mferris	mokit	1	Project Manager
tedx2k	mokoi	1	Project Manager
wagnerr2	molaepipe	1	 
cavada	moleskine	0	Developer
dhouy	moleskine	0	Developer
herzi	moleskine	0	Developer
micampe	moleskine	1	 
drmoro75	momelib	1	 
drmoro75	momeunit	1	Developer
sdunlap	monkeyjuice	1	 
absinth_kobold	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
eskatos	monkeystudio	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
evgenm	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
h_lamer	monkeystudio	1	Developer
pasnox	monkeystudio	1	Developer
cnation	monkeywrench	1	 
dcline	monkeywrench	1	 
dweimer	monkeywrench	1	 
gefilte	monkeywrench	1	 
useevil	monkeywrench	1	 
wonka	monkeywrench	1	 
zhobson	monkeywrench	1	 
xen2	monobind	1	 
bourbaki	monod	1	 
mcastrillo	monoworkshop	1	 
borrillis	monoxna	0	Tester
garuma	monoxna	0	Developer
jendave	monoxna	1	Developer
neozack	monoxna	1	Developer
robloach	monoxna	1	Developer
wschuler	monsterapi	1	Project Manager
monsterengine	monsterengine	1	Project Manager
saloustr	montag	0	Developer
sbtourist	montag	1	 
guismojr	montypacker	1	 
enamtvedt	moo3d	0	Developer
luke-jr	moo3d	1	 
nblack13	moo3d	1	 
ulrich_fuchs	moon	1	 
brixen	moonbeams	1	 
brettbc	moonix	0	 
enrai	moonix	0	 
luke-jr	moonix	1	 
emperor666	moonlight-o-win	1	 
hbaxmann	moonshadow	1	Analysis / Design
joa23	moonshadow	1	Developer
reborn16	moonshadow	1	Doc Writer
jolby	moppy	1	 
thorsteng	moreforcpp	1	 
boretti	moreforgprolog	1	 
sdfisher	morepalmos	1	 
kenichi_f	morpho	1	Project Manager
darksecond	morrowindonline	1	 
fliggerty	morrowindonline	1	Developer
keto	mortik	1	Developer
kriisu	mortik	1	Editorial/Content Writer
qrebound	mortik	1	Developer
stpere	mortik	1	Developer
teebeenz	mortik	1	Developer
whitti	mortik	1	 
chadnorvell	mosaicengine	1	 
octavianh	mosquito	1	 
olsonw	moss	1	 
efphe	mother	1	 
bartm85	motmot	0	Developer
pvgorp	motmot	1	Project Manager
saintiss	motmot	1	Project Manager
terralance	motmot	1	Project Manager
d53a4	motorengine	1	 
bghose	moznews	0	Developer
minghong	moznews	0	 
mozillaman	moznews	1	 
uphaar	moznews	1	All-Hands Person
abavarian	mp-plugins	0	Developer
agree	mp-plugins	0	 
and-81	mp-plugins	1	Developer
andrea_cioli	mp-plugins	1	Developer
bakerq	mp-plugins	1	Developer
beaverfood	mp-plugins	1	 
blaxwan	mp-plugins	1	Developer
booyakasha1	mp-plugins	1	Developer
broceliande	mp-plugins	1	Developer
campling	mp-plugins	1	Developer
cawolf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
chef_koch	mp-plugins	1	 
chreekar	mp-plugins	1	Developer
codeshackdotnet	mp-plugins	1	Developer
dalanorth	mp-plugins	1	Developer
darrenmcg	mp-plugins	1	 
dettrittus	mp-plugins	1	Developer
diefenthal	mp-plugins	1	Developer
diehard2	mp-plugins	1	Developer
dot-i	mp-plugins	1	 
dukus	mp-plugins	1	Developer
epstone	mp-plugins	1	Developer
falkyre	mp-plugins	1	Developer
fcsobel	mp-plugins	1	Developer
fergusod	mp-plugins	1	Developer
fiftychickens	mp-plugins	1	Developer
framug	mp-plugins	1	Developer
gemx	mp-plugins	1	Developer
ghose_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
gibman_dk	mp-plugins	1	Developer
gizzard29	mp-plugins	1	 
gregmac45	mp-plugins	1	Developer
gregorvsf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
happytalk	mp-plugins	1	Developer
harleymp	mp-plugins	1	Developer
heloxone	mp-plugins	1	Developer
hwahrmann	mp-plugins	1	Project Manager
i-loop	mp-plugins	1	Tester
ideasdigger	mp-plugins	1	Developer
james_sf	mp-plugins	1	 
joedalton	mp-plugins	1	Developer
jonnep	mp-plugins	1	Developer
jupek	mp-plugins	1	Developer
j_burnette	mp-plugins	1	 
kroko_koenig	mp-plugins	1	Developer
lkuech	mp-plugins	1	Developer
loki_66_	mp-plugins	1	Developer
lopeztuparles	mp-plugins	1	Developer
lrfalk01	mp-plugins	1	Developer
m0rt_pdm	mp-plugins	1	 
mablebee	mp-plugins	1	 
maschine	mp-plugins	1	Developer
micheloe	mp-plugins	1	Developer
mikael_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
misterd_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
mofux	mp-plugins	1	Developer
moiristo	mp-plugins	1	Developer
mpod_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
northern_sky	mp-plugins	1	 
nshvydky	mp-plugins	1	Developer
orionhall	mp-plugins	1	Developer
overture	mp-plugins	1	Developer
patrick_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
pbb72	mp-plugins	1	Developer
pdelusion	mp-plugins	1	 
prashantv	mp-plugins	1	Developer
qawaali	mp-plugins	1	Developer
ronilse	mp-plugins	1	Developer
rsparey	mp-plugins	1	Graphic/Other Designer
rtv_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
saamand	mp-plugins	1	Developer
sambalw	mp-plugins	1	 
sergem1	mp-plugins	1	Developer
sh4nn0w	mp-plugins	1	 
soapskyway	mp-plugins	1	 
superspuck	mp-plugins	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
symphy	mp-plugins	1	Developer
timmyt81	mp-plugins	1	Developer
tourettes_	mp-plugins	1	Developer
tsmotw	mp-plugins	1	 
vertiger	mp-plugins	1	Developer
wiesener	mp-plugins	1	Developer
wima75	mp-plugins	1	Developer
yamp	mp-plugins	1	Developer
yevgenb1	mp-plugins	1	Developer
ykamchi	mp-plugins	1	Developer
zebons	mp-plugins	1	Developer
amit_dsp	mp3apollo	0	Developer
avaneendra	mp3apollo	0	Developer
liquidgod	mp3apollo	1	Project Manager
napmusic	mp3apollo	1	Developer
rhino-x	mp3apollo	1	Developer
usha	mp3apollo	1	Developer
wellard	mp3apollo	1	 
mrmx	mparser	1	 
rodolforg	mpide	1	 
rosenfeld	mpide	1	Developer
lpenet	mpkg	1	 
scaps	mpkg	1	 
sgilhodes	mplatform	1	 
code_gems	mpnt	1	Developer
hritcu	mpnt	1	Developer
ioana_boureanu	mpnt	1	No specific role
ralu	mpnt	1	Developer
shiana	mpnt	1	Developer
cowboy_bob	mpsc-modules	1	 
goga	mptn	1	 
mnambiar	mqsurfer	1	 
bbwang	mqzoom	1	 
inertia186	msapi	1	 
tekcor	msd	1	Project Manager
mazaczek	msdk	0	Developer
zmichailov	msdk	1	Project Manager
den_jean	mseide-msegui	1	 
mse1	mseide-msegui	1	Developer
gregferg	mset	1	 
dstevens	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
pbh-at-mit	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
xiaowen	msi-repackaging	1	 
afarouk	msiprogramming	1	 
verhees	msm-api	1	 
alikizil	msp	1	 
mikemayer	msquared	1	 
gscacco	mstockfl	1	 
fortuna	mstor	1	 
pez4brian	mstring	1	Project Manager
thementat	mstring	1	Project Manager
inertia186	msuapi	1	Developer
pcwong	mswid	1	 
kanima	msxdk	1	 
shevek	msxz80asm	1	 
mmcnamee	mtjunit	1	 
kherrera3	mukei	1	Developer
andrewjb	mulib	0	Developer
espakm	mulib	0	Developer
mudry	mulib	1	Project Manager
mwright	mulib	1	Developer
neuwirth	mulib	1	Developer
retek	mulib	1	Tester
spaced00d	mulib	1	Developer
zoid-	mulib	1	Developer
merlinke	multi-platformc	1	 
hrgdavor	multi-tapestry	1	 
tvv	multiajax	1	 
tvv	multicache	1	 
mteel	multicpu	1	 
taq	multicssparser	1	 
tvv	multicurl	1	 
bain	multidb	1	Project Manager
didivp	multidonto	1	 
mutilador	multidonto	1	 
davidteran	multieof	0	 
mensk	multieof	1	 
jesjones	multimethods	1	 
alexbarcelo	multinstaller	1	All-Hands Person
kirchman	multiplatform	1	Developer
portele	multiplatform	1	Developer
ppoller	multiplatform	1	Developer
reichel-mid	multiplatform	1	Developer
smerten	multiplatform	1	 
jegreenwo	multitierlib	1	 
benstein	multitreemap	0	Tester
scheruga	multitreemap	1	Developer
testmpp	multitreemap	1	Tester
usankhla	multitreemap	1	Developer
tvv	multixml	1	 
saurabh_arorain	mumltool	1	 
badaro	mundo4j	1	 
acalarcon	mundofeliz1	1	 
eadurbin	munge	1	 
mktmk	muntl	1	 
alienid	muos	1	 
arbron	mups	1	Project Manager
raven-arch	mups	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
amidevcpp	murks-ide	1	All-Hands Person
deadwood_pl	murks-ide	1	 
riverlet	murong	1	 
molasses	mushroom	1	 
brentonhouse	mutantcode	1	Project Manager
abcrumley	mvcdotnet	1	Project Manager
chrispels	mvp-xml	1	Developer
christianweyer	mvp-xml	1	Developer
christophdotnet	mvp-xml	1	Developer
dcazzulino	mvp-xml	1	Project Manager
don_xml	mvp-xml	1	Developer
fumiakiy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
helgy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
jjulian2	mvp-xml	1	Developer
joefawcett	mvp-xml	1	Developer
palermo4	mvp-xml	1	Developer
silverlight	mvp-xml	1	Developer
skonnard	mvp-xml	1	Developer
pmuellr	mwep	1	 
a_taherkordi	mx4j	0	Developer
biorn_steedom	mx4j	0	Developer
bknights	mx4j	0	Developer
btscully	mx4j	0	Developer
cavis	mx4j	0	Developer
ccano	mx4j	0	Developer
damien_evans	mx4j	0	Developer
dsamsonoff	mx4j	0	Developer
gabriel_la	mx4j	0	Developer
jboynes	mx4j	0	Developer
jeje	mx4j	0	Developer
jvanzyl	mx4j	0	Developer
maguro	mx4j	0	Developer
markmcbride	mx4j	0	Developer
mfuzzey	mx4j	0	Developer
mgore	mx4j	0	Developer
miojio	mx4j	0	Developer
nameislocus	mx4j	0	Developer
n_alex_rupp	mx4j	0	Developer
oreinert	mx4j	0	Developer
pathakss	mx4j	0	Developer
shadow12	mx4j	0	Developer
simonebordet	mx4j	1	Developer
tibu	mx4j	1	Project Manager
unsaved	mx4j	1	Developer
warrenm	mx4j	1	Developer
wkharold	mx4j	1	Developer
flohimself	mxf	1	All-Hands Person
hardlife	mxf	1	Developer
sebdashrek	mxf	1	Developer
alexsilv	mxml	0	Developer
dgp85	mxml	0	Developer
jonnymind	mxml	1	 
altren	my-gui	1	All-Hands Person
deniskoronchik	my-gui	1	 
my_name	my-gui	1	Unix Admin
ozzy__	my-gui	1	Developer
sjaako	my-gui	1	Developer
dwayneb	my-lib	1	 
marcelrienks	my-utilities	1	 
nels	myaphp	1	All-Hands Person
slavikos	mybamboo	1	 
flyerhzm	mycodeline	1	 
thinkkevin	mycodeline	1	 
webarthur	mydbadmin	1	 
nafm	mydblist	1	 
rbondi	mydbrand	1	 
covrainbow	myforms	0	Developer
dkburk	myforms	0	No specific role
dmcfeeters	myforms	1	Developer
pilotpencil	myforms	1	No specific role
robert42539	myforms	1	Developer
myinterestsde	myide	1	 
davidpallison	myion-osgi	0	 
homehub	myion-osgi	1	 
shedlife	myion-osgi	1	All-Hands Person
bchat	myjavaio	1	 
williams_jt	myjavapack	1	 
jjap	myjnipp	1	Developer
markusoj	mymodules	1	 
vg103	mymomsboat	1	 
neodatatype	myneoreport	1	 
thazel	myoodb	1	 
gururamnath	myorders	1	Project Manager
philip_stoev	myparsepp	1	 
amaddeus	myphpbikelog	1	 
pimspage	myphpbugtracker	1	 
alexvx	myphpframework	1	 
ajvwaay	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
doyley	myphpnuke	1	Developer
gacott	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
kirilt	myphpnuke	1	Developer
s10v8	myphpnuke	1	Developer
trini0	myphpnuke	1	All-Hands Person
davidlxm	myprofiler	1	 
candy91	myprograming	0	Web Designer
javaj2eej2me	myprograming	0	Web Designer
lion12345678910	myprograming	1	Project Manager
giorgio83	mysdlgui	1	 
ravenix2	mysep	1	Project Manager
bleuler	myspms	1	Project Manager
dsharp	mysql--	1	Project Manager
johngaughan	mysql--	1	Developer
hellonnet00	mysql32dll	1	 
murrayc	mysqlcppapi	1	Project Manager
redi	mysqlcppapi	1	Developer
cwienands	mysqldotnet	1	 
cmurialdo	mysqldrivercs	0	Developer
ultralight32	mysqldrivercs	1	 
ieti	mysqllight	1	 
swsalan	mysqlmembership	1	 
llutti	mystix	0	Developer
piotrjura	mystix	1	Project Manager
lordmyth	mythge	1	Project Manager
ternet	mytm	1	 
burkovsky	mytracker	1	Project Manager
mhohl	myupx	1	 
neocarton	myvarmng	1	 
harishkswamy	myworkspace	1	 
rustychris	mzgtk	1	 
zvi	mzgtk	1	 
bfeely	mzx32	1	 
darreng	n-able	1	 
rikesh	n-able	1	All-Hands Person
dcazzulino	n-matrix	1	 
don_xml	n-matrix	1	Project Manager
simondelacourt	n30-cms	1	Developer
zmn	n30-cms	1	All-Hands Person
abhijat	na-setools	1	 
imerani	nachocalendar	1	 
jarbaby	nagiosappender	1	 
namaless	namaless	1	 
nandof	nandof	1	 
lecando	nanning	1	 
tirsen	nanning	1	 
gerlach	nanoterm	1	Project Manager
cyberelf	nanoxml	1	 
jens_bergstrom	nantvisual	1	 
papit01	napai	1	 
frank-mlc	napkin42	0	Developer
ryanryan	napkin42	0	Developer
zer0wing	napkin42	1	 
alexlamsl	napkinlaf	0	Developer
cybercerberus	napkinlaf	0	Developer
greggwon	napkinlaf	0	Developer
kcrca	napkinlaf	1	Project Manager
napkindrawing	napkinlaf	1	Developer
meddochat	napoleon	1	 
maralo	napt	0	Developer
softwarekoch	napt	1	 
linarms	nasperreports	1	 
groovounet	nat	1	 
natjcu	nat	1	 
cesarmello	nativeswt	1	 
sagex	nativeswt	1	 
sandrobh	nativeswt	1	Developer
tradams	nativeswt	1	 
sprovencher	nato	1	No specific role
akratas	nattable	0	Developer
andyfai	nattable	1	Developer
c8133594	nattable	1	Developer
esp1971	nattable	1	Developer
fyuxml	nattable	1	Developer
jdrbc	nattable	1	Developer
rachen	nattable	1	Developer
rich_vera	nattable	1	Developer
jkchan6	naturallangcode	1	 
sellig	nausicaa	1	Project Manager
thusted	nausicaa	1	Support Manager
s003apr	navdb	1	Project Manager
tgideon	navel	1	 
scitech-states	navi-project	1	 
navicore	navicore	1	 
nbjayme	nbjsaint	1	 
lancillotto	nblookup	1	 
jocenildo	nbmentawai	1	 
kubacki	nbmousewheel	1	 
beroul	nbpp	1	All-Hands Person
ejbs	nbpp	1	 
lusse	ncdk	1	 
breaman	ncfunit	1	 
plpasta	nchain	1	Developer
trent_millar	nchain	1	Developer
ericxxx	nchc-gridutil	1	 
slcotten	ncline	1	 
vlm	ncnf	1	 
nicolascros	ncprogs	1	 
strfrank	ncsvlib	1	 
dhwani	ndal	0	Developer
meddochat	ndal	1	 
pkirk25	ndal	1	Developer
vamsi_ram	ndal	1	Developer
neemailrcv	ndbaccess	1	 
mars-man	ndbunit	1	 
mrtidy	ndbunit	1	 
dr1982	ndeploy	1	 
ievlev	ndk-xx	1	Developer
mpinkas	ndk-xx	1	 
voins	ndk-xx	1	Developer
daronin	ne7ssh	1	 
sleem	nedlib	1	 
ned14	nedmalloc	1	 
andyc2	nekohtml	1	 
mguillem	nekohtml	1	Project Manager
st0ke	nelit2e	1	Developer
civphp	nemesisplus	1	Developer
ericb	nenie	1	Developer
farnaud	nenie	1	 
arithon	neoengine	1	Developer
bsod	neoengine	1	Developer
fluoro	neoengine	1	Project Manager
kmullis	neoengine	1	Developer
knisterpeter	neoengine	1	Project Manager
robr182	neolib	1	Project Manager
clockmaker_69	neonate	1	Developer
xycuervo	neonate	1	Support Manager
neora	neora	1	 
cpousset	neorms	1	 
passedtime	neosdoc	0	Developer
reardentech	neosdoc	0	Web Designer
rlundy	neosdoc	1	Project Manager
tpecorella	nepsing	1	Project Manager
bok	neptune	1	 
kelticdanor	nesdevkit	0	Web Designer
mekanizer	nesdevkit	1	Project Manager
robertguite	nesdevkit	1	Developer
neillm	neshare	1	 
gbaguy	neside	1	 
felgon	net-edit	1	Developer
scapenet	net-edit	1	Project Manager
arnuga	net-freedb	1	Developer
jzawodn	net-freedb	1	Developer
wroth	net-freedb	1	Developer
arufanov	netanthill	1	 
solo95	netaop	1	 
nbandroidmodule	netbeansandroi	1	 
artcava	netchartcontrol	1	 
neillm	netclass	1	 
orschaer	netdeserialize	1	Developer
pilsator	netdeserialize	1	Developer
bluecoat93	netdevicelib	1	 
tommulgrew	netlib4games	1	 
flatko	netloader	0	Developer
ktram	netloader	0	Developer
yasmanidis	netloader	1	Project Manager
hirion	netpp	1	 
ccnetlive	netreflector	0	 
exortech	netreflector	1	 
mpandersen	netreflector	1	Developer
stellsmi	netreflector	1	Developer
wcaputo	netreflector	1	Developer
camusatan	netservos	1	Project Manager
pwelter34	netspell	1	Developer
aferende	netsqlazman	1	 
rsteckel	netstreams	1	 
aefimov	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
shake234	nettasksforidea	1	 
softming	nettasksforidea	1	Developer
stuartharper	nettasksforidea	1	Developer
mdayyaz	networkmonitor	1	 
steelman06	networkmonitor	1	No specific role
mraq	netx	1	 
ddent	netxplode	1	All-Hands Person
pedro	netxx	1	 
rvlieshout	neunit	1	Developer
timtw	neunit	1	 
digitalart	neurolib	1	 
dominik74	neuronalnet	1	 
crweb	neuros	0	Developer
derobert	neuros	1	Developer
dollzerr	neuros	1	Developer
joeborn	neuros	1	Project Manager
john_quigley	neuros	1	Developer
nerochiaro	neuros	1	Developer
hollstegge	neutrino-php	1	 
bkliewer	newfel	1	 
bkliewer	newfieq	1	 
newman64	newmansort	1	 
hbro	newsclass	1	 
dasilentstorm	nextvision	1	Developer
mystik77	nextvision	1	Developer
schoeppchen	nextvision	1	Developer
fangr	nfc	1	 
bccryder	nfit	0	Developer
ccnetlive	nfit	0	 
hafiz_a	nfit	0	Developer
smgf	nfit	1	 
stellsmi	nfit	1	All-Hands Person
wadsworth	nfit	1	Developer
wardcunningham	nfit	1	All-Hands Person
alan13	nfop	1	Developer
eightfootplus	nfop	1	Developer
kfoley05	nfop	1	Developer
mrbool	nfop	1	Developer
pettys	nfop	1	 
sobranis	nfop	1	Developer
uruz	nfop	1	 
tdjordan	nfor	1	 
zirok	nftplib	1	 
lucabar	ngenlib	1	 
nkast	nghe	1	 
performer24	ngmp	1	 
gurumuhk	ngsdk	1	Project Manager
phanto	nhibernateexten	1	 
mdsrlz	nhproviders	1	 
rnix	nicerobot	1	 
nicesearch	nicesearch	1	 
lifeispain	nickvergessen	0	Developer
nickvergessen	nickvergessen	1	 
mark-wilkinson	nine-libs	1	 
jword	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
orasis	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
tliron	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
bmatzelle	nini	1	 
sdedalus	nini	1	Developer
noodleroni	ninstaller	1	 
wolfc	nioext	1	All-Hands Person
bsdz	niperl	1	 
chrispage	nitric	0	 
jax	nitric	1	Developer
lisa_lippincott	nitric	1	 
mclow	nitric	1	Developer
rmessier	nits	1	 
anaktos	nktspeview	1	Developer
quantumg	nktspeview	1	 
rawo	nlinalg	1	 
damato	nlist-classes	1	Project Manager
gnfnr	nlist-classes	1	Developer
gnikl	nlist-classes	1	Developer
itix	nlist-classes	1	Developer
pbobbenb	nlist-classes	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sba	nlist-classes	1	Developer
sindlarv	nlist-classes	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
thboeckel	nlist-classes	1	Developer
yabba	nlist-classes	1	Developer
btihanyi	nloc	1	 
lazarus404	nmagick	1	 
desunit	nmailunit	1	 
hstalder	nmock2	1	Web Designer
mgm	nmock2	1	Developer
nwhaley	nmock2	1	 
thomasweing	nmock2	1	 
ursenzler	nmock2	1	Analysis / Design
lanwin	nmould	1	Developer
jsalz	nmstl	1	 
cababunga	nmstl2	1	Developer
michal017	nnl	1	 
aknight33	no-sod	0	Web Designer
bgao_7351	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ccpraude	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cedsoft	no-sod	0	Developer
erkih	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jwegener	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
nosod	no-sod	1	Developer
netsach	nob	1	 
nocaute	nocaute	1	 
awahlig	nokix	1	Developer
cieszak	nokix	1	 
druidbartek	nokix	1	Developer
nom_keyboard	nom-keyboard	1	 
davybrion	noma	1	 
gbonalde	nomacolamp	1	 
schoenborno	noptrlib	1	 
andreasb	nor-mandrake	1	 
larsan	norna	1	 
abashev	nosa	1	 
orbital56	nospeak	1	Developer
lhrasera	notarium	0	Doc Writer
mdelara	notarium	1	Project Manager
mlanger	notarium	1	DBA (Database Administrator)
pereira_jair	notarium	1	Developer
donho	notepad-plus	1	Project Manager
dv__	notepad-plus	1	Developer
harrybharry	notepad-plus	1	Developer
jenslorenz	notepad-plus	1	Developer
severach	notepad-plus	1	Developer
stef_le_gall	notepad-plus	1	Web Designer
otbsupport	notepadpluspe	1	 
violent_ken	notepadv2	1	 
alldrix	notes2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andersonrb	notes2	1	 
andrenix	notes2	1	Tester
dennerbb	notes2	1	Developer
jonblackjack	notes2	1	Developer
sjosimar	notes2	1	Developer
tiagosch	notes2	1	Developer
vtbhoher	notes2	1	Developer
cathyscott	notjustjavave	1	 
agea	notnow	1	 
egladysh	notus	1	 
felipe_almeida	notus	1	Developer
lomoff	notus	1	Developer
mikup	notus	1	Developer
lavosphoenix	novaeon-magi	1	 
szeiger	novocode-tk	1	Project Manager
grayarea	nox	1	Project Manager
jinishans	npdf	1	 
paralogiki	npl	1	 
jeberly	nplanner	0	 
michaeldavidcox	nplanner	0	Developer
rbanerji	nplanner	0	 
scottlaw1	nplanner	0	 
vulgrin	nplanner	1	 
alexiljin	npp-plugins	0	Developer
donho	npp-plugins	0	Developer
dv__	npp-plugins	0	Developer
dxoch	npp-plugins	0	Developer
fidvo	npp-plugins	0	Developer
garthex	npp-plugins	0	Developer
harrybharry	npp-plugins	0	Developer
jenslorenz	npp-plugins	1	Project Manager
jsanjosem	npp-plugins	1	Developer
loonychewy	npp-plugins	1	Developer
mathgod	npp-plugins	1	Developer
morbac	npp-plugins	1	 
tylandercasper	npp-plugins	1	Developer
vor0nwe	npp-plugins	1	Developer
zobo	npp-plugins	1	Developer
nekronomekron	nprocess	1	 
probstl	nprocess	1	Developer
oblin	nprofile	1	Project Manager
jonshute	nprofiler	1	 
berkenbosch	nproject	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	nproject	0	Developer
kharly	nproject	0	Developer
rodeomac	nproject	1	Project Manager
uruz	nproject	1	Developer
brutzman	npsnetv	0	Developer
dunblane74	npsnetv	0	Developer
ejsalles	npsnetv	0	Developer
eserin	npsnetv	0	Developer
ey6es	npsnetv	1	Developer
jdneushul	npsnetv	1	Developer
mcgredo	npsnetv	1	Developer
mparupal	npsnetv	1	Developer
squidcoder	npsnetv	1	Developer
xuehua_xm	npsnetv	1	Developer
apersaud	npx	1	Project Manager
lerc	nqn	1	 
mrfun	nqn	1	 
jmenard	nqxml	1	 
tam0	nrss	1	 
thirdapple	nsbrain	1	 
carlito_au	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
deep-trouble	nsis-scriptgen	1	 
manav_rathi	nsis-scriptgen	1	 
psypab	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
tdhdeep	nsis-scriptgen	1	 
germelito	nspode	0	Web Designer
giulianobg	nspode	1	 
rlisboars	nspode	1	Developer
cege7480	nspring	0	Developer
gilesforster	nspring	0	Developer
illsorted	nspring	0	Developer
jauren	nspring	0	Developer
jvarszegi	nspring	1	Developer
mgeramb	nsrcp	1	 
apurva_m	nstl	1	 
dhruvmatani	nstl	1	Developer
fohringer0	nstreamlib	0	Developer
spodskubka	nstreamlib	1	Developer
nrpg	nstudio	1	 
gen2joki	nsvlib	0	Developer
wildex999	nsvlib	1	 
banane2000	ntacl	1	 
akosma	nteam	0	 
alexjcampbell	nteam	0	Project Manager
aspiering	nteam	1	Developer
aspnetgeek	nteam	1	 
bestcomy	nteam	1	Developer
bonder	nteam	1	 
chaoticpeace	nteam	1	Project Manager
chrisbkr	nteam	1	 
cvawter	nteam	1	Developer
damage-plan	nteam	1	Developer
djgraham	nteam	1	 
edchapel	nteam	1	Developer
engine252	nteam	1	 
ericson	nteam	1	Developer
fanzoo	nteam	1	Project Manager
gardenerd	nteam	1	Project Manager
gibbensr	nteam	1	Developer
iracerx	nteam	1	Developer
jasonbentley	nteam	1	 
jonas_antonsson	nteam	1	Developer
justinking	nteam	1	Developer
jzdecourcy	nteam	1	 
levirosol	nteam	1	Developer
pombredanne	nteam	1	 
pwelter34	nteam	1	Developer
rbuckton	nteam	1	Project Manager
repo_stef	nteam	1	 
rlaneve	nteam	1	Developer
robthejedi	nteam	1	Project Manager
rrinaldi	nteam	1	Developer
sam_dlg	nteam	1	Developer
sbellware	nteam	1	Developer
skjagini	nteam	1	Developer
smartdot	nteam	1	Developer
sreynolds17	nteam	1	Project Manager
s_m	nteam	1	Project Manager
thmoje	nteam	1	 
wilsond_msft	nteam	1	 
voronkov	ntl	1	Developer
daverman	ntpath	1	 
ntrifunovic	ntserviceclass	1	 
gesha_x	nuclos	1	 
biste	nullabletypes	0	Developer
damienguard	nullabletypes	0	 
lukadotnet	nullabletypes	1	Project Manager
alecn2002	num2str	1	 
falsinfab	numbertool	1	 
xsynackx	numcv	1	 
charliepoole	nunit	1	Developer
coryfoy	nunit	1	Developer
garyfx	nunit	1	Web Designer
jcansdale	nunit	1	Developer
jesusmanuelg	nunit	1	Developer
lukemaxon	nunit	1	Developer
psantosl	nunit	1	Developer
rdealba	nunit	1	Developer
shmarya	nunit	1	Developer
trayburn	nunit	1	Developer
afinnell	nunitasp	0	Developer
aginos	nunitasp	0	Developer
brik	nunitasp	0	Project Manager
jlittle82	nunitasp	1	Developer
lkhatskevitch	nunitasp	1	Developer
adamvan	nunitforms	0	Developer
andlil4711	nunitforms	0	Developer
charliepoole	nunitforms	1	Developer
deboeck	nunitforms	1	Developer
jeremydmiller	nunitforms	1	Developer
lukemaxon	nunitforms	1	 
nigelbeach	nunitforms	1	Developer
nigel_thorne	nunitforms	1	Developer
robsmyth	nunitforms	1	Developer
rogeroberg	nunitforms	1	Developer
legolas558	nuntius	1	 
aw36	nusho	1	 
darxkies	nutexframework	1	 
bserdar	nutf	1	 
ubiguchi	nutility	1	 
murkn	nutty	1	 
cimmerian	nuweb	1	 
glauschwuffel	nuweb	1	 
keithharwood	nuweb	1	Developer
mengel	nuweb	1	 
adah	nvwa	1	 
eyrdan	nwndynlib	1	Project Manager
jsedwards	nwos	1	 
kartug	nwos	1	 
zhangkl	nwpu-lanhuahua	1	 
ddossot	nxbre	1	Project Manager
ronevans	nxbre	1	Developer
sjoyeux	nxbre	1	Developer
chris_aitken	nxcontrols	1	 
pvax	nxmlui	1	 
firepoet	nxplanner	1	Project Manager
itility	nxplanner	1	Developer
cmwslw	nxtpp	1	 
doctor_z	nxtpp	1	Developer
maddock	nxtpp	1	Developer
phyizal	nxtpp	1	Developer
hot_sleeper	nymm-genn	1	 
amersohail794	o2x	1	 
fguillau	o3dge	1	Project Manager
massilla	o3dge	1	Project Manager
vishal_kochhar	oaklib	1	 
oyoaha	oalnf	1	 
dex008	oao	1	 
wedoi	oas	1	 
adrianprice	obe	1	Project Manager
aeden	obe	1	Project Manager
dengwu	obe	1	Developer
garagan	obe	1	Developer
garybollinger	obe	1	Project Manager
tlodge	obe	1	Developer
wburdick	ober	1	 
bluestrm	obfuscatejs	1	 
neurolabs	obfuscatejs	1	Developer
sreuter	obfuscatephp5	1	 
obfusk	obfusk	1	Developer
chrisridd	objcsax	1	 
camposj	objectbase	1	Project Manager
clombardi	objectbase	1	 
hliendo	objectbase	1	Project Manager
ibottero	objectbase	1	 
jfernandes	objectbase	1	 
leito_1980	objectbase	1	 
luchorey	objectbase	1	Developer
matthewthegrey	objectbase	1	Developer
npasserini	objectbase	1	Project Manager
obi_juan_kenobi	objectbase	1	Project Manager
rgluck	objectbase	1	 
sancey	objectbase	1	Developer
frb-de	objectbrowser	1	All-Hands Person
mkallman	objectcache	1	 
luizfernando	objectcircuits	1	Developer
matheusleite	objectcircuits	1	Project Manager
brettryan	objectgrid	1	All-Hands Person
jae	objective-gtk	1	No specific role
fmrfirebird	objective3d	1	Project Manager
oasp	objectiveasp	1	All-Hands Person
will_mason	objectivelib	1	 
spyder_tl	objectlibdoc	1	 
jnye	objectthread	1	 
julianreich	objectum	1	 
firdaus_halim	objmap	1	 
kuba-11	obskurator	1	 
ozanbilici	obsoft	1	 
farcrafter	obtruder	1	 
garzol	ocamaweb	1	Project Manager
jbesnard	ocamaweb	1	Developer
jf-leg	ocamaweb	1	Web Designer
true_garzol	ocamaweb	1	Editorial/Content Writer
chris_77	ocaml-benchmark	1	 
smimram	ocaml-glpk	1	 
adubey	ocaml-lib	1	 
bhurt	ocaml-lib	1	 
jjhellst	ocaml-lib	1	Developer
mottl	ocaml-lib	1	Developer
my_login	ocaml-lib	1	Developer
ncannasse	ocaml-lib	1	Project Manager
rwmjones	ocaml-lib	1	Developer
skaller	ocaml-lib	1	 
trevarthan	ocaml-lib	1	Developer
yori	ocaml-lib	1	 
d_plaindoux	ocaml-xml	1	 
oliv__a	ocamlplot	1	 
vl_o	occsketcher	1	 
kasspip	occultation	1	Project Manager
mauhuur	oci8ml	1	 
i90410	ocibc	1	 
jhwoodyatt	ocnae	1	All-Hands Person
tectsoft	ocs-comps	1	 
zifnabbe	ocs-comps	1	 
gnufied	octave-gtk	0	 
gnumuthu	octave-gtk	1	Developer
nextcoder	octopi	1	 
llcostalonga	octopusmusic	1	 
qchamaeleon	ocurl	1	 
robertfischer	ocurl	1	Developer
gonzoua	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
logicblue	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
nayan	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
peteralexharvey	odbc-class-lib	1	 
toostepsback	odbms-utils	1	 
danfengr	oddas	0	 
peterb	oddas	1	 
tdrury	oddas	1	 
pmacko	odegl	1	 
sadi69	odegl	1	Developer
delkian	odf	1	 
d_cent	odf	1	Developer
kanga	odf	1	 
king_lo	odf	1	 
mbach2	odf	1	 
clsdaniel	odkit	1	 
odubay	odpdom	1	 
azeneski	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
bwesley	ofbiz	1	 
byersa	ofbiz	1	Developer
ccnelson	ofbiz	1	 
cjne	ofbiz	1	Developer
davidoo	ofbiz	1	 
dustinsc	ofbiz	1	 
eckardjf	ofbiz	1	 
epabst	ofbiz	1	 
jonesde	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
justaman	ofbiz	1	Developer
ofbiztest	ofbiz	1	 
razorb	ofbiz	1	 
rgielen	ofbiz	1	 
sincnet	ofbiz	1	Tester
stephenloosli	ofbiz	1	Distributor/Promoter
carstenbreuer	ofc	1	Project Manager
geurt	ofc	1	 
ideras	ofc	1	Developer
shadowdog	ofc	1	Developer
timussch	ofc	1	Developer
robert_futrell	officelnfs	1	 
cdlu	oftc	1	Project Manager
cry0gen	oftc	1	Developer
eelf	oftc	1	Unix Admin
freeworldircd	oftc	1	Developer
mattinx	oftc	1	Developer
mikegrb	oftc	1	Developer
miroman	oftc	1	Developer
winjer	oftc	1	Developer
aeschylus	oges	0	 
plange	oges	1	Project Manager
ttr	oges	1	 
jeffm2501	ogf	1	 
callmeott	oggonachip	1	 
rdorsch71	oggonachip	1	 
saiph	oggonachip	1	 
johnw_tw	ogl-lib	1	Support Technician
p3p3	ogl-lib	1	 
weha_su	ogl-lib	1	Developer
ensiform	oglib	0	Developer
ttk-bandit	oglib	1	 
bobvodka	oglwfw	1	 
hfettig	ogpm	0	Developer
jkring	ogpm	1	Developer
jpdrolet	ogpm	1	 
kshif	ogpm	1	 
labviewer	ogpm	1	 
mballa	ogpm	1	Developer
mikeashe	ogpm	1	 
njkirchner	ogpm	1	Developer
photon_dan	ogpm	1	Developer
pjm_design	ogpm	1	Developer
okdoc	ogrejuggler	1	Developer
elemings	ogs	1	 
balthazore	ogscorp	0	Developer
locvez	ogscorp	1	Developer
mavu	ojama	1	 
aselkirk	oje	1	 
dherman	oje	1	 
nicferrier	oje	1	 
perryn	oje	1	 
shiao	oje	1	 
snowy	oje	1	 
wielaard	oje	1	 
duboisvi	ojef	1	 
brovienas	okcomponents	1	 
dgil	okernel	1	Project Manager
pive	okernel	1	Developer
pfeiffer	okopo	1	 
olegyk	olegykj	1	Project Manager
dayu	olims	0	 
menggb	olims	1	 
roguemtl	olstrans	1	 
sdonovan	olstrans	1	 
wensong	olstrans	1	 
zeevon	olstrans	1	 
tbergmann	oltp-platform	1	 
dropfred	om2t	1	 
abdelkarim	oma-scts	0	Developer
bbralo	oma-scts	0	 
calpaugh	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
chpham	oma-scts	1	Developer
ddixson73	oma-scts	1	All-Hands Person
dgc03052	oma-scts	1	 
duke4ever79	oma-scts	1	 
nico01h	oma-scts	1	 
oma-scts	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
pthompson509	oma-scts	1	Developer
shads78	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
u970133	oma-scts	1	 
vitali42	oma-scts	1	Developer
yannperier	oma-scts	1	Developer
ldl	omega	1	 
mdc	omega	1	 
mdc-omega	omega	1	 
mpepper	omega	1	 
omega-mdc	omega	1	 
toad	omega	1	 
whitten	omega	1	 
andruua	omega-engine	1	 
jglatz	omega-hsm	1	 
indigo_sunrise	omegaengine	0	Developer
jprivett	omegaengine	1	Developer
sedimin	omgrofl	1	 
jockmacmad	omjstate	1	 
ahmedmisry	omlx	0	Developer
nahedh	omlx	1	 
omar_alfudhaily	omlx	1	No specific role
omlx	omlx	1	Project Manager
dyland	omniproject	1	Developer
yanii	omniproject	1	 
shanky_tiwari	omom	1	Project Manager
keeleyd	ompx	1	Project Manager
tomasliq	omtk	1	 
bensch128	omtoolbox	0	 
firas_3d	omtoolbox	0	Developer
henrykorol	omtoolbox	1	All-Hands Person
j-wicz	omtoolbox	1	Developer
jakobwelner	omtoolbox	1	Project Manager
varomix	omtoolbox	1	 
vzheiska	omtoolbox	1	Developer
walther_jeppe	omtoolbox	1	No specific role
tregnago	onbi	1	 
hmiplar	onejvm	0	 
ikestrel	onejvm	1	Project Manager
thlee	onemind-commons	1	 
one-source	onesource	1	 
benalex	oness	0	 
carlossg	oness	1	 
mavensync	oness	1	 
izekia	onestools	1	 
bjhindman	onewirepd	1	Developer
egocentric	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
jpat	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
nishu_naga	onlinebackup	1	 
gresrun	onlinenic4j	1	 
gldneagl	onmobile	1	Project Manager
navpar	onmobile	1	Project Manager
j3nda	onscenedialog	1	 
schombert	onscheme	1	 
tomt64	onyxce	1	 
bwcto	oo-browser	1	 
abah	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
ahyeop	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
bustamam	oo-l10n-my	1	Project Manager
sebol	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
sharuzzaman	oo-l10n-my	1	All-Hands Person
webmastermelayu	oo-l10n-my	1	Unix Admin
umdenken	oo-widgets	1	 
zalthar	oo3dengine	1	Project Manager
derekberube	ooarsapi	1	 
m94asr	oobench	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
sck	oobench	1	 
taoism	oofb	1	 
eggert_larsen	oom	1	 
blendi	ooml	1	Developer
thjordan	ooml	1	Developer
tommy_butler	ooopps	1	Project Manager
borgers	oopl	1	Project Manager
entropy	ooxml	1	 
globbi	ooxml	1	 
snooze	ooxml	1	 
dave_edwards	opag	1	Project Manager
dcardamo	opag	1	 
msoulier	opag	1	Project Manager
beharrell	opcxml	1	 
iwilloug	open-arm	0	Developer
naedphil	open-arm	1	Developer
xtrnmst	open-arm	1	All-Hands Person
alfredoport	open-axiom	0	Developer
billpage	open-axiom	0	Developer
chaosii	open-axiom	0	No specific role
dos-reis	open-axiom	1	Project Manager
hemmecke	open-axiom	1	Developer
chkibiki	open-collab	1	 
miguelindurain	open-collab	1	 
the_dean	open-collab	1	 
zaitsevv	open-collab	1	 
edwardbenson	open-dbexpress	1	Project Manager
pult	open-dbexpress	1	Developer
akia	open-portal	1	 
fxiaodi	open-pragmatic	1	 
computergeek693	open-release	0	Developer
oceanjay	open-source-sof	1	 
jvaliente	open-sstcp	1	All-Hands Person
the_valium	open-sstcp	1	 
irfanb	open-top	0	Developer
roblugt	open-top	1	 
asriley	openagent	1	 
gleo	openai	1	Project Manager
thornhalo	openai	1	Developer
quattro004	openal-net-sdk	1	 
grandzebu	openbarcodes	1	 
daniil_guit	openbgi	1	 
jsheets	openbooks	1	 
jensen_blue	opencakefile	0	Web Designer
youngc527	opencakefile	1	 
abajolet	opencare	1	Developer
eincande	opencare	1	Project Manager
benlogan	opencbp	0	 
busfahrer	opencbp	0	Developer
dchapes	opencbp	1	All-Hands Person
deklund2	opencbp	1	Developer
flu_id	opencbp	1	Project Manager
fmarletta	opencbp	1	Developer
ljrpicasso	opencbp	1	Developer
messy	opencbp	1	Developer
ppl	opencbp	1	Developer
toph	opencbp	1	 
marktoml	openclips	1	Developer
thsutton	openclips	1	Developer
twcook	openclips	1	 
cnos_team	opencloud	1	 
mcavallo	opencloud	1	 
dantoro	opencmsmoddev	0	Developer
dave_schoorl	opencmsmoddev	1	All-Hands Person
lostingamma	opencocoa	1	 
coder_1024	opendds	1	 
oth3r1if3_sf	opendds	1	Developer
sco77	opendds	1	Developer
totten_s	opendds	1	Project Manager
david_lovegrove	opendgui	1	 
infosecpolice	opendhtmlspy	0	Project Manager
opendhtmlspy	opendhtmlspy	1	 
matzek	opendocser	1	 
abretz	opendte	0	Developer
amessner	opendte	1	Project Manager
dpfeifle	opendte	1	Project Manager
mgriffel	opendte	1	Project Manager
mrumpf	opendte	1	Project Manager
mschneid	opendte	1	Developer
mauriceling	opendws	1	Project Manager
akia	openecm	1	 
arthur_cheng	openemcee	0	 
chris_fauerbach	openemcee	0	 
msroane	openemcee	0	Doc Writer
rbnewton	openemcee	0	 
schenksj	openemcee	1	Project Manager
yxk	openemcee	1	 
sgould	openforecast	1	 
bajopalabra	openfox	1	 
ekdahl	openfury	0	Developer
klahr	openfury	1	 
brunonicoletti	openfxshakehost	1	 
dcandela	openfxshakehost	1	 
rminsk	openfxshakehost	1	 
joleuger	opengameconsole	1	Project Manager
groliffe	opengc	0	Developer
madmartigan	opengc	1	 
xcastle	opengc	1	Developer
shnam7	opengcl	1	 
kingn	openglc2	1	 
joekrahn	openglut	0	Developer
nigels	openglut	1	 
gkirkend	opengraph	1	Project Manager
kjetilja	opengrid	1	Project Manager
lauvset	opengrid	1	Project Manager
marzullo	opengrid	1	Developer
patrickjchase	opengrid	1	Developer
ashishuttarwar	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
brannigan	opengtoolkit	0	 
brian175	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
chrisdavis3587	opengtoolkit	0	 
crelf	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dafemec	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dhouser	opengtoolkit	0	 
dr_ivel	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
eodickens	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
harre	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
hfettig	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jgoeres	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jkring	opengtoolkit	1	 
jpdrolet	opengtoolkit	1	 
jtrager	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
kejavalen	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
klostej	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
kshif	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
labviewer	opengtoolkit	1	 
mashe	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
matthewharrison	opengtoolkit	1	 
mballa	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
mhenz	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
mzl	opengtoolkit	1	 
orko_polo	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
pjm_design	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
rtalbott	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
sullutions	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
t0605tv	opengtoolkit	1	 
tmaila	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
tonpg	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
undees	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
xuesongj	opengtoolkit	1	Developer
jotto	openhelloworld	1	 
jmarranz	openinnowhere	1	 
ashore	openises	1	Developer
robertaustin	openises	1	Project Manager
jmsalvo	openjgraph	1	 
oqube	openjgraph	1	Project Manager
biorn_steedom	openjmx	1	Project Manager
tibu	openjmx	1	Project Manager
imaman	openjtl	1	 
arthc	openlegends	0	Developer
joaopinheiro	openlegends	0	Web Designer
kronuz	openlegends	1	Project Manager
littlebuddy	openlegends	1	Project Manager
jbrohan	openlvlibs	1	Developer
mj_cole	openlvlibs	1	 
bmackiew	openmap	1	Project Manager
dfdietrick	openmap	1	Developer
gknauth	openmap	1	Developer
pmanghwani	openmap	1	Developer
tmitchel	openmap	1	Developer
anyff	openmdx	0	Developer
brunostuder	openmdx	0	Tester
crixpcmu	openmdx	1	Content Management
dirty-harry	openmdx	1	Developer
donatmueller	openmdx	1	Developer
wfro	openmdx	1	Project Manager
garagecube	openmediatoolkt	1	 
captain_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
mrmouse_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
noescom	opennet	1	 
gsutter	openpackages	1	Project Manager
harlan	openpackages	1	Developer
reallost1	openpackages	1	 
wca	openpackages	1	Developer
ununhexium	openpickit	1	 
haslup	openpjb	0	Developer
jtl	openpjb	0	Developer
marquee	openpjb	0	Developer
mloos	openpjb	1	Project Manager
ndecker	openpjb	1	Developer
rmcpeak	openpjb	1	Developer
ttammisa	openpjb	1	Developer
bfulgham	openpoplog	0	Developer
bsl	openpoplog	0	Developer
jeffreytbest	openpoplog	1	Project Manager
jlc2	openpoplog	1	No specific role
nicoaragon	openpoplog	1	Developer
rogerevans	openpoplog	1	Developer
sfkleach	openpoplog	1	Developer
mmiissp	openprintassist	1	Project Manager
vidyra	openprintassist	1	Developer
skybuck	openptcdelphi	1	Project Manager
arminsteinhoff	openqnx	1	 
dmi_a	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
hojbjerg	openqnx	1	Developer
liug	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
ssobolev	openqnx	1	Developer
aernst	openquasar	0	Developer
alexjost	openquasar	1	All-Hands Person
juergenkrey	openquasar	1	Project Manager
krs1	openquasar	1	Support Manager
marcus_rickert	openquasar	1	Developer
mvdesche	openquasar	1	Developer
nuenning	openquasar	1	Support Manager
ojuwig	openquasar	1	Support Manager
axcelis	openqueue	0	 
mattj	openqueue	1	 
mt8168	openria	1	 
lggoundalkar	openrims	1	 
codecamel	openrj	0	All-Hands Person
matsys	openrj	1	 
tassiedevil	openrj	1	Developer
dougwa	openroad-plus	1	 
alpineguy	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
exodist	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
garitaiya	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
gigaclon	openrpg-gde	1	Developer
nerdnetwork	openrpg-gde	1	Web Designer
sonryoga	openrpg-gde	1	All-Hands Person
rolly-polly	openrules	1	 
alan	opensched	1	Project Manager
guyou	opensched	1	Project Manager
mdewilde	opensde	1	Project Manager
firesnowball	opensearchit	1	 
johndison	opensetup	1	 
andihess	openshore	0	Developer
hadan	openshore	0	Developer
heschulz	openshore	1	Project Manager
mayrk	openshore	1	Developer
perkens	openshore	1	Developer
tammo	openshore	1	Developer
dunng808	openslate	1	 
jbscoutberlin	opensmalloffice	1	Developer
beoch	openstore	1	 
linuxfan_	openstudio	0	 
spooker	openstudio	1	 
kxu	opensxdl	1	Developer
mokona	opensxdl	1	Developer
tb_2000	opentheme	0	Project Manager
weiqj	opentheme	1	 
chrisbrandtner	opentk	0	Developer
the_fiddler	opentk	1	 
biclinton	opentools	1	 
pubuser	opentools	1	 
baofenye	openusb	0	Developer
fanyuan	openusb	0	Developer
fritsv	openusb	1	 
hjelmn	openusb	1	Developer
lei_chen	openusb	1	Developer
milewis1	openusb	1	Developer
reflectivist	openusb	1	Developer
sophiali	openusb	1	Developer
xiaoxin	openusb	1	Developer
a_schwickerath	openvisa	1	Project Manager
bestracer	openvisa	1	 
alokranjan	openvrms	0	Developer
findajit	openvrms	1	Project Manager
kamal_osho	openvrms	1	Developer
vinaykurudi	openvrms	1	Developer
sahn0	openw	1	 
andreas_hu	openwebload	0	Developer
pjohnsen	openwebload	1	Developer
lazio	openwf	1	 
bkraft	openwfe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fpiccand	openwfe	0	Developer
gjoseph	openwfe	0	Developer
jmettraux	openwfe	1	Project Manager
lukas_eder	openwfe	1	Developer
rjennings	openwfe	1	Developer
rzebram	openwfe	1	Developer
sakag_blue	openwfe	1	Developer
smettraux	openwfe	1	Developer
azhrarnlod	openwinbot	1	Project Manager
blue_star	openwinbot	1	Developer
braindigitalis	openwinbot	1	Developer
brano111	openwince	0	Developer
flegy	openwince	0	Developer
jfabo	openwince	1	Developer
kshuang	openwince	1	Developer
michael_hora	openwince	1	Developer
telka	openwince	1	Project Manager
cesschneider	openworks	1	 
regisnet	openworks	1	Tester
carcharius	openxdk	0	Developer
caustik	openxdk	1	Project Manager
edwardsc	openxdk	1	Developer
friedgold	openxdk	1	Developer
t0m_	openxdk	1	Developer
arthc	openzelda	0	 
dandel1984	openzelda	0	Developer
dragon-fang	openzelda	0	 
joaopinheiro	openzelda	0	 
kouruu	openzelda	1	Developer
kronuz	openzelda	1	Project Manager
openzelda	openzelda	1	Project Manager
strider-gu	openzelda	1	 
suzuka09	openzelda	1	Developer
system_failure	openzelda	1	 
cug	opframeworks	0	All-Hands Person
mikesch	opframeworks	1	 
theisen	opframeworks	1	 
ulicht	opframeworks	1	Developer
westheide	opframeworks	1	Developer
pier1972	opnieuw	1	 
korba812	opowapi	1	 
mykbutler	oprnlis	1	 
purp	optdoc	1	 
bwarsaw	optik	0	Developer
freso	optik	0	 
goodger	optik	1	Developer
gward	optik	1	Project Manager
terrelshumway	optik	1	Developer
papablues	optionutil	1	 
masanakahara	optionzero	0	Developer
tak-yoshida	optionzero	1	Project Manager
yoshibou	optionzero	1	Developer
gabor_kover	oql2jdo	1	 
kresho	oraexp	1	Project Manager
duenker	oraload	1	Project Manager
bryanth	oranjestad	1	 
nahor	orbaddons	1	Developer
yohan-orb	orbaddons	1	 
chris_orbit	orbitsme	1	 
mystifier	oregex	1	 
jandockx	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
markono5	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
peterbla	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
tschrijvers	org-jutil	1	Developer
laza2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
ravne2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
fbfd	orm4j	1	Developer
schroeder_j	orm4j	1	Developer
s_holder	orm4j	1	Developer
yuriyb	ormyx	1	 
cierniak	orp	1	Project Manager
xiaofeng_li	orp	1	Developer
xshi2	orp	1	Developer
wiseguy586	orpg2k	1	 
emalotau	orunit	1	 
ildar	os-development	1	 
danewsmith	os-promo-distro	1	 
eiffel777	os-promo-distro	1	Developer
sir_lojik	os-weblib	1	 
enugroho	osa-lam	1	Developer
rturk	osa-lam	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gstewart4	osage	1	 
daservis	osalp	1	Project Manager
spkmnga	osbob	1	 
alexvam	osc-reloaded	1	Project Manager
kreeger	oscar-osx	1	 
darkling	oscars	1	 
sigmond	oscars	1	Developer
nriesco	oscom	1	 
ajv	osda	1	 
ariebs	osdb	1	 
markir	osdb	1	Developer
maxxis	osdb	1	Developer
petere78	osdb	1	Developer
vapour	osdb	1	Developer
wagnerpj	osdb	1	Developer
dscottwheeler	osdk-tools	1	 
airwaves	osdldbt	0	Developer
bullpen	osdldbt	1	Developer
davecramer	osdldbt	1	Developer
dumptruck52	osdldbt	1	Developer
edgingtonj	osdldbt	1	Developer
guster_q	osdldbt	1	Developer
jberkus	osdldbt	1	Developer
jharris	osdldbt	1	Developer
jztpcw	osdldbt	1	Developer
klamath	osdldbt	1	Developer
markwkm	osdldbt	1	Developer
maryedie	osdldbt	1	Developer
min_xu	osdldbt	1	Developer
rilson	osdldbt	1	Developer
rtaylor02	osdldbt	1	Developer
scottiebo	osdldbt	1	Developer
snaga	osdldbt	1	Developer
swu23	osdldbt	1	Developer
taber_loveless	osdldbt	1	Developer
thackeray_s	osdldbt	1	Developer
wookie	osdldbt	1	Developer
jmglov	osdt	1	Project Manager
awheeler	osdtk	1	Developer
jshiffer	osdtk	1	Developer
rustedmatrix	osdtk	1	Developer
grahamd	ose	1	 
rafaelmlcb	oses	1	 
greenemk	osfree	0	Doc Writer
prokushev	osfree	1	 
s_b_s	osfree	1	Developer
valerius2k7	osfree	1	Developer
viking_az	osfree	1	Developer
dkhaywood	osgibundles	1	Developer
rcmatthews	osgibundles	1	 
jcermak	osioss	1	Developer
jcothran	osioss	1	 
daxlec	oslc	1	 
devil_moon	oslc	1	Project Manager
lrontyne	oslc	1	Project Manager
sjkaaria	oslc	1	Project Manager
villoks	oslc	1	Project Manager
mkupsu	oslcv3	1	 
cziegeler	osoco	1	Developer
codemangler	ospdflib	1	 
dispader	ospi	1	Developer
felipeudel	ospi	1	Developer
ospi	ospi	1	 
peridotventures	ospi	1	Developer
silbeg	ospi	1	Developer
chiradip	ospreycontainer	1	 
sbutman	osrecruiter	1	 
dchud	oss4lib	1	 
aggro80	ossdevstudio	1	 
krisnod	ossdevstudio	1	Developer
botchagalupe	ossinthehood	1	 
jsdever	ost	1	 
beyondnet	osts	1	Developer
pbn256	ot4xb	1	 
otbsupport	otbsoft	1	 
intrepion	otim	1	 
kindman1	otk	1	 
sacry1	otlib	1	 
alevensalor	otsfrfleetmgmt	0	 
hsienkie	otsfrfleetmgmt	1	 
jhr87	otsfrfleetmgmt	1	 
lukeazariah	otsys	1	 
evl	ottobus	1	 
rfjhonore	ounix	1	 
axe69	ouvert	1	Project Manager
ouvert	ouvert	1	 
draugdel2	overfhlow	1	 
korexio	overfhlow	1	Developer
webot	ovhapi	1	 
apurv	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
black-hand	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
cirrusrex	owasp-input-api	0	 
cogent	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
gabe100	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
heartogold	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
mcurphey	owasp-input-api	1	 
russcoon	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
owinfo	owdatastructs	1	 
michaelmess	owinlib	1	 
mimaus	owinlib	1	Developer
shenchilang	owlet-code	1	 
regrainb	owlib	1	 
jogybl	owlnext	1	Developer
yuri_b	owlnext	1	 
dmonroy	oxide	1	 
slowbyte	ozdev	1	 
sabeg	p3asm	1	 
p3net	p3netprojx	1	 
earnie	p4w	1	Project Manager
shwaresyst	p4w	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dreamingbear	p5re	1	 
stripslashes	paced	1	 
horkychen	packagebuilder	1	 
bonniot	packages	1	 
igouy	packages	1	 
clintoca	packer	0	Developer
dmilstein	packer	1	 
packetvb	packetvb	1	Project Manager
pbdhivakar	pactool	1	 
joun	padk	1	Project Manager
osmo	pagemgr	1	 
foozy	pagemixer	1	 
dugues	paiol	1	 
nacho_pancho	pajuan	1	 
hackebeil20	paklib	1	 
ahakkinen	paktool	1	 
mcfar54	palinx	1	 
cookieteam	palm-dos	1	Project Manager
craig_comstock	palm-linux	1	 
nickv_111	palm-linux	1	 
useless	palm-linux	1	 
swallace	palm-wrap	1	 
catoo	palmcppunit	1	Project Manager
qiwenmin	palmcppunit	1	 
ratrent	palmfc	1	Developer
arpruss	palmfontconv	1	 
anjalivarma	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
gajen	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
sylbert	palmlibhttp	1	Project Manager
crramirez	palmoscrlib	1	 
selmi	palmpng	1	 
arpruss	palmresize	1	 
alicemirror	palmtv	1	 
delfare	pands	1	Developer
jandujar	pands	1	Tester
molousk	pands	1	Developer
ndsdev	pands	1	Tester
smealum	pands	1	Developer
johnhoffman	pang	1	 
andaabramovici	panopticode	0	Developer
bestfriendchris	panopticode	0	Developer
cschuyle	panopticode	0	Developer
jonny_leroy	panopticode	0	Developer
jrshaw	panopticode	1	 
munjalpb2000	panopticode	1	Developer
nraychaudhuri	panopticode	1	Developer
olsonas	panopticode	1	Developer
padark	panopticode	1	Developer
szahabi	panopticode	1	Developer
tpbrown	panopticode	1	Developer
matsys	pantheios	1	 
tassiedevil	pantheios	1	Developer
andru	papyrusreport	1	 
eford	parameterparser	1	 
stardogg	parashell	1	 
anju_kaul	parc	0	Developer
gklund	parc	0	Developer
jstolle	parc	0	Developer
lakshmi_sv	parc	0	Developer
pmckinstry	parc	1	Project Manager
romerom	parc	1	Developer
vaibhav_ran	parc	1	Developer
venkatprakash	parc	1	Developer
cenlee	parcels	1	Developer
knmnyn	parcels	1	 
lauaikmi	parcels	1	Developer
vyersta	parcels	1	Developer
atoku	parseconflib	1	 
acme	parseperl	0	Developer
adamkennedy	parseperl	1	 
aragorn	parseperl	1	Developer
autrijus	parseperl	1	Developer
broquaint	parseperl	1	Developer
bynari	parseperl	1	Developer
chrisdolan	parseperl	1	 
claesjac	parseperl	1	Developer
coral	parseperl	1	Developer
drforrester	parseperl	1	Developer
miyagawa-t	parseperl	1	Developer
jineshkj	parser	1	Project Manager
ntubski	parser	1	Developer
zaak	parsnip	1	 
viergroupie	parsnip-parser	1	 
dermole	party	1	 
drclaus	party	1	 
drmalte	party	1	 
fah-q	pas	0	Developer
j00z	pas	0	Developer
mortis	pas	1	Project Manager
cgp	pas2h	1	 
alancunningham	pasdiff	1	Project Manager
torcq	passrcp	1	 
mutante_power_b	pastelog	1	Developer
comrade64	paster	1	 
bargle0	pastry4j	1	 
paulfernhout	patapata	1	Developer
babounours	patchwork13	0	Developer
billitch	patchwork13	1	Project Manager
broen	patchwork13	1	Developer
igorvonfassen	patchwork13	1	Developer
r00k	patchwork13	1	Developer
splin	patchwork13	1	Developer
swapx	patchwork13	1	Developer
leejason	patentgroupware	1	 
nevali	pathfinder	1	 
berzal	pattern	1	Project Manager
e4c5	pattern	1	 
eaudet	pattern	1	 
fzappert	pattern	1	 
hypologician	pattern	1	 
silentblue	pattern	1	 
tvaga	pattern	1	 
oboehm	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
ojojo	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
shohara	patterntesting	1	Developer
vmassol	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
xwarzee	patterntesting	1	Developer
p_millipede	paul-software	1	 
danpe	pausethreads	1	 
nasrinm	pazesh	1	 
tigerchamp	pbassistant	1	 
danimatas	pbeans	0	Developer
hjo1620	pbeans	0	Developer
inkredibl	pbeans	0	Developer
jhsolorz	pbeans	1	 
jrickf	pbeans	1	Developer
philz	pbeans	1	Developer
sean_stuckless	pbeans	1	Developer
turnerj	pbeans	1	Developer
cioannou	pblib	1	 
andrelouw	pbof	0	Developer
elabuschagne	pbof	0	Developer
gvandyk	pbof	1	 
hgeldenhuys	pbof	1	Developer
woutervdberg	pbof	1	Developer
cobrajs	pbomb	1	 
krzysztof_k	pbspro-drmaa	1	 
lciesnik	pbspro-drmaa	1	 
szalik	pbspro-drmaa	1	 
jurberg	pbunit	1	 
philcya	pbunit	1	Developer
cardsharq	pcardsdotnet	1	 
g0n	pcbsd-es	1	 
johnny13	pcc	1	Developer
bak	pcj	1	 
arxip	pckdos	1	 
bero	pclasses	0	Developer
cproch	pclasses	1	Project Manager
dloof	pclasses	1	Developer
gjehle	pclasses	1	Web Designer
marc_d	pclasses	1	Developer
mish_the_fish	pcre	1	 
sieve	pcre-cc	1	 
gehtsoft	pcre-cs	1	 
mottl	pcre-ocaml	1	 
keesh	pcre-win32	1	 
lechertl	pcrm	1	All-Hands Person
scorpik	pcrm	1	 
pcs_org	pcstoolkit	1	 
smatiz	pdb-idx-waba	1	 
raphaelpaiva	pdbdriverview	1	 
kosalf	pdcbatest	1	 
devl	pdclib	1	Project Manager
devsolar	pdclib	1	Project Manager
hackerdan	pdetools	1	 
panbachi	pdevelop	1	 
gcampbell	pdf-inc	1	Developer
jmls	pdf-inc	1	Developer
dejean	pdf2xml	1	Project Manager
giguet	pdf2xml	1	Developer
niklasschneider	pdfsharp	0	Developer
pdfsharp	pdfsharp	1	Developer
stefan_lange	pdfsharp	1	Project Manager
thomas_hoevel	pdfsharp	1	Developer
rosa	pdftemplates	1	 
feradz	pdfutils	1	 
cyke64	pdis-miso	1	 
teroh	pdis-miso	1	 
finell	pdk	1	Web Designer
gathmann	pdk	1	Project Manager
heinkel	pdk	1	Project Manager
webheld	pdk	1	Developer
jackpark	pdkb	0	 
jgage	pdkb	0	 
jpark	pdkb	0	 
kennedycolm	pdkb	0	 
ldl	pdkb	0	 
mnp	pdkb	0	 
mpepper	pdkb	0	 
npengell	pdkb	0	 
oommoo	pdkb	1	 
pdkb	pdkb	1	 
shane_308	pdkb	1	 
swatcat	pdkb	1	 
toad	pdkb	1	 
whitten	pdkb	1	 
wizardstorm	pdkb	1	Developer
jmaxwilson	pdo-x	1	 
mbuna	peak	1	Project Manager
radius	peak	1	Developer
spale	peak	1	Developer
andrerestivo	peardboo	1	Project Manager
nunomplopes	peardboo	1	Project Manager
sergiocarvalho	peardboo	1	 
pebbleroller	pebble-talk	1	 
peccavi	peccavi	1	 
alaiba	pechy	1	Project Manager
youvnor	pechy	1	 
jax	pedestal	1	 
redbull99	peidextsigedit	1	 
lsolesen	pel	1	Project Manager
mgeisler	pel	1	Project Manager
profetas	pelanguage	1	 
rheiny	pelib	1	 
stefan222	pellucid	1	All-Hands Person
ken_steele	pelp	1	Developer
luis_miras	pelp	1	Developer
kvanals	peng-connect	1	 
vivosi	pente	1	 
hexamon	penub	0	Developer
idumali	penub	1	Developer
lasha	penub	1	Developer
mikheil	penub	1	Developer
gmerize	pep-pp	1	Developer
leandropa	pep-pp	1	 
freddy77	perdr	1	All-Hands Person
brendenvickery	perdure	1	 
vslovnyk	pere	1	All-Hands Person
mikpe	perfctr	1	 
lazy81	perl-coma	1	 
apostasy	perl-date-time	0	 
autarch	perl-date-time	1	Developer
biglug	perl-date-time	1	 
cfaerber	perl-date-time	1	 
fglock	perl-date-time	1	 
fiji	perl-date-time	1	 
jesse	perl-date-time	1	 
jhoblitt	perl-date-time	1	 
jshy	perl-date-time	1	 
kellan	perl-date-time	1	 
lestrrat	perl-date-time	1	 
mojotoad	perl-date-time	1	 
pijll	perl-date-time	1	 
rbowen	perl-date-time	1	 
rkhill	perl-date-time	1	 
wheeler	perl-date-time	1	 
anarion	perl-es	1	 
drnoop	perl-es	1	 
fxn	perl-es	1	 
hopes	perl-es	1	 
jmerelo	perl-es	1	 
kerowme	perl-es	1	 
pne	perl-klingon	1	 
kaster	perl-mvc	1	All-Hands Person
abcdem	perl-oak	0	Developer
aguimar	perl-oak	0	Developer
fglock	perl-oak	0	Developer
h_trevisan	perl-oak	0	Developer
itamarc	perl-oak	0	Developer
lanio	perl-oak	0	Developer
lruoso	perl-oak	0	Developer
mosca	perl-oak	0	Developer
motoboi	perl-oak	0	Developer
ruoso	perl-oak	1	Project Manager
sikora	perl-oak	1	Developer
thiloplanz	perl-pad	1	 
dclinton	perlbeans	1	 
mstevens	perlbug	1	Developer
richardf	perlbug	1	 
robrt	perlbug	1	Developer
wycc	perlcomposer	1	Developer
brscott73	perlcpn	0	No specific role
fabpot	perlcpn	0	Developer
torvald	perlcpn	1	 
ramtops	perlexception	1	 
djantzen	perlforjava	1	 
icmf3	perlforjava	1	Developer
bekkirene	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
scottp	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
shlomif	perlmeme-org	1	Developer
simontaylor	perlmeme-org	1	Project Manager
perltidy	perltidy	1	 
rkiesling	perltkextra	1	 
nomagic	permission-base	1	 
crichey	permissionsniff	1	 
jamorgan	permissionsniff	1	Developer
cbutzke	perpetuum-sm	1	 
amecky	perpojo	1	 
skerritt	persevere	1	 
ghasemkiani	persiancalendar	1	 
ali_reza_761	persianjbpm	1	 
mahdiit	persiantools	1	 
mattj65816	persistant	1	 
adarovsky	persistence	1	 
kriszyp	persistentjs	1	 
icecold2010	persistentqueue	1	 
diego_zanga	personalaccess	1	Project Manager
rjohnsto	personaldb	1	 
grimsell	perspective	1	 
paul_esk	pesk-int-eq	1	 
cyberlynx	petel	1	 
geraldb	petra	1	Project Manager
ilits	petra	1	Developer
vamp201	petra	1	 
ara_e_w	petsoar	0	Developer
baldree	petsoar	1	Developer
cybermike	petsoar	1	Developer
joeretro	petsoar	1	Project Manager
paul-h	petsoar	1	Developer
rickardoberg	petsoar	1	Developer
dieter_krachtus	petty	1	 
cobia	pfcpp	0	Developer
lazarius	pfcpp	1	Project Manager
super-lloyd	pfct4net	1	 
jhanna777	pfex	0	Developer
nlbunder	pfex	1	Project Manager
sdodell	pfl	1	 
joecode	pfoundation	0	Developer
kyledawkins	pfoundation	1	Developer
paolomind1981	pgame-engine	1	 
simo1971	pgcl	1	 
babajaga	pgettext	1	 
opdecoder	pgmrcalc	1	 
abisma	phantarei	1	 
aefimov	phantom-common	1	Developer
yrakitin	phantom-common	1	Developer
brettryan	phersistence	1	 
garzol	phimatex	1	 
jbesnard	phimatex	1	Developer
oprgag	phimatex	1	Editorial/Content Writer
riduidel	phimatex	1	Editorial/Content Writer
true_garzol	phimatex	1	Editorial/Content Writer
gerry4u	phloc-logging	0	Developer
phloc_bg	phloc-logging	1	Developer
p_h	phloc-logging	1	Project Manager
costra	phlxr	0	Developer
cynicz	phlxr	1	 
inqbus	phlxr	1	Web Designer
noradcrew	phoenixams	0	Developer
rmpp	phoenixams	1	Project Manager
jtaylor1126	phoenixdev	1	Developer
francoisbean	phoenixgl	1	 
dennis56	phoenixz	0	Developer
phoenixz	phoenixz	1	Project Manager
thereckter	phoenixz	1	 
voicent	phone-survey	1	 
iakovz	phontonmm	1	 
jdhildeb	phormation	1	 
nokes	phormation	1	Developer
nordkyn	phormation	1	Developer
hschlen	phost-contrib	0	Developer
jsedano	phost-contrib	0	Developer
lastberserker	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
mauritsvanrees	phost-contrib	1	Developer
nto	phost-contrib	1	Developer
pw5	phost-contrib	1	Developer
rhjennings	phost-contrib	1	Developer
soronthar	phost-contrib	1	Developer
streu	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
stevenjackson	photon	0	Tester
olau	photoshopy	0	Tester
schleiermacher	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
towi	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
binar10	php-clamavlib	1	 
reptiler	php-classes	1	 
bumbler	php-fusebox	1	 
erkie	php-fusebox	1	Project Manager
virre1981	php-gameground	1	 
gislersoft	php-generics	1	 
dnfeitosa	php-glade	1	 
jeremy_nelson	php-logger	1	Developer
jodunni1	php-logger	1	 
ashawley	php-mode	1	Project Manager
stigbakken	php-mode	1	Developer
turadg	php-mode	1	Project Manager
strimo	php-ms-demangle	1	 
mukembo	php-ruby	1	 
kuni_pm9	php-screw	1	 
su1d	php-templates	1	All-Hands Person
ut0pia	php-tk	1	 
fhnmor21	php-wfw	1	 
phpwalter	php-yacs	1	Project Manager
vanmer	php-yacs	1	Developer
aarre	php2py	1	 
fletch	php3-xslt	1	 
barrydit	php4cli	1	 
zelphyr	php4js	1	 
bergmann	php4ue	1	 
scorched	php4ue	1	Developer
a-otto	php4win32	1	Developer
d_beu	php4win32	1	Developer
greatunknown	phpabstract	1	 
fernandoh	phpajaxgrid	1	Developer
martinbascal	phpajaxgrid	1	 
mahasak	phpappserver	1	 
activesphere	phpas	1	Project Manager
chris_schneider	phpautodoc	1	Developer
mdaenzer	phpautodoc	1	Project Manager
smueller	phpautodoc	1	Developer
odcm	phpawstats	1	Project Manager
phpbb3-napoli	phpbb3napoli	1	 
dualfusion	phpbbdevs	1	 
cussuol	phpbbmantis	0	Developer
poyntesm	phpbbmantis	1	Developer
evil3	phpbbproject	0	Developer
ganon_king	phpbbproject	0	No specific role
lord_le_brand	phpbbproject	1	Project Manager
farazdagi	phpblib	1	Project Manager
plugin	phpblib	1	Developer
bcurtis	phpbt	1	All-Hands Person
bobsquatch	phpbt	1	 
brycen	phpbt	1	Project Manager
ibsystems	phpbt	1	Developer
ulferikson	phpbt	1	Developer
illuminatedwax	phpcached	1	 
brad_fears	phpcodecabinet	1	Project Manager
arimicci	phpcomdb	1	 
bubblenut	phpdance	1	 
jsweat	phpdatacache	1	 
cybot_tm	phpdatetime	1	 
dorgon	phpdavinci	1	Project Manager
ctx2002	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
jdaumde	phpdbedittk	1	 
jli018	phpdbedittk	1	Developer
merbst	phpdbinstall	1	 
nirvani	phpdevtools	1	 
timetrack	phpdoc	1	 
ulf_wendel	phpdoc	1	 
oxygen77	phpdocmaker	1	Project Manager
rapine	phpdocmaker	1	Developer
ledjon	phpdocsearch	1	 
grisu	phpdocserver	1	 
peejeh	phpdoctor	1	 
srausch	phpdoctor	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
daf111	phpdocutron	0	Developer
lrargerich	phpdocutron	1	 
jmsanchez	phpdocwriter	1	Developer
sgaffga	phpdox	1	Project Manager
gagneet	phpdts	1	Developer
buennagel	phpduploc	1	 
cedricgirard	phpduploc	1	 
jon-bangoid	phpduploc	1	 
hakukaji	phpdynatree	0	Developer
kkemp102294	phpdynatree	1	Developer
tibbons	phpdynatree	1	Developer
axelcl	phpeclipse	1	Developer
bananeweizen	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
bijugopinath	phpeclipse	1	Developer
blakewatters	phpeclipse	1	Developer
blakeyez	phpeclipse	1	Distributor/Promoter
choochter	phpeclipse	1	Developer
cperkonig	phpeclipse	1	Developer
dizmo	phpeclipse	1	Developer
durel_b	phpeclipse	1	Developer
dynamike2000	phpeclipse	1	Developer
emann	phpeclipse	1	Developer
future_wave	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
fvicente	phpeclipse	1	Developer
ganesha_sf	phpeclipse	1	Developer
gmega	phpeclipse	1	Developer
greenboxx	phpeclipse	1	Developer
gtonic	phpeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
hannonhill	phpeclipse	1	Web Designer
incastrix	phpeclipse	1	Developer
kpouer	phpeclipse	1	Developer
mbecker_kassel	phpeclipse	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
njd-	phpeclipse	1	Developer
pombredanne	phpeclipse	1	Developer
ralfe	phpeclipse	1	Developer
rdekenah	phpeclipse	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
robekras	phpeclipse	1	Developer
samage	phpeclipse	1	Developer
samjoseph	phpeclipse	1	Developer
samson_	phpeclipse	1	Developer
scorphus	phpeclipse	1	Developer
sf_nimrod	phpeclipse	1	Developer
shleh	phpeclipse	1	Developer
stefanbjarni	phpeclipse	1	Developer
thorstenj	phpeclipse	1	Developer
toshihiro	phpeclipse	1	Developer
virtualmice	phpeclipse	1	Doc Writer
walsleben	phpeclipse	1	Developer
weconsultants	phpeclipse	1	 
werner_krauss	phpeclipse	1	Tester
yuvilio	phpeclipse	1	Developer
j11561	phpeditmaster	1	 
arnold81	phpexplorator	0	 
tchouamoueric	phpexplorator	1	Project Manager
armel	phpfaqtory	1	Project Manager
oportier	phpfaqtory	1	Developer
efranceschi	phpfast	1	Developer
damonkohler	phpfop	1	 
webguide	phpftp-net	1	Developer
eryx	phpfunc	1	 
dcech	phpgacl	0	Developer
ipso	phpgacl	1	 
sphen001	phpgamedev	1	Project Manager
asclabs	phpgl	1	 
andrewm1	phpgroupworks	1	Developer
darkking-	phpgroupworks	1	Developer
edgar_ocampo1	phpgroupworks	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
johnydoe	phpgroupworks	1	All-Hands Person
shanforest	phpgroupworks	1	Doc Writer
dr_of_chaos	phpgtkbuilder	1	 
phac	phpguardian	1	 
jrtwolski	phpgwpl	1	 
tkgkp	phpgwpl	1	Developer
tlu	phpgwpl	1	Project Manager
moojoo	phphtmlreskit	1	 
scotepi	phpinstall	1	 
schlundus	phpjsregexptool	1	 
mshaffer	phpkas	1	 
zinzan	phpl7	1	 
te2	phplangadmin	0	Developer
theghost19	phplangadmin	1	Project Manager
jgrivsky	phplet	0	Developer
lucamar	phplet	1	 
qkfeto	phplet	1	Developer
rgittens	phplet	1	Developer
chanlo	phplib	0	Developer
eyrie	phplib	0	Project Manager
gdesclaux	phplib	0	No specific role
joestewart	phplib	0	Developer
layne_weathers	phplib	0	All-Hands Person
macmaster	phplib	0	Developer
mavrekh	phplib	0	No specific role
mderk	phplib	0	Developer
nhruby	phplib	1	All-Hands Person
richardarcher	phplib	1	Developer
swensenj	phplib	1	Developer
tarique	phplib	1	Developer
ulf_wendel	phplib	1	No specific role
zbiru	phplib	1	Developer
kaikl	phplibex	1	Project Manager
zersenser	phplogfacility	1	 
phplusadmin	phplus	1	All-Hands Person
hanomalia	phpmanticore	1	 
aaff	phpmedia	0	No specific role
beto-bl	phpmedia	0	No specific role
mballesteros	phpmedia	0	 
phpwiz2	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
soywiz	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
blomma	phpmode	1	 
alan_k	phpmole-ide	1	 
andrei	phpmole-ide	1	Developer
floripa	phpmole-ide	1	Developer
s-maxim	phpmole-ide	1	 
chiefmonkey	phpmxdb	0	Developer
maehdros	phpmxdb	1	Developer
rawveg	phpmxdb	1	Project Manager
loufoque	phpmybot	1	 
mastaflex	phpmychangelog	0	 
tron21net	phpmychangelog	1	Project Manager
nybble	phpmydoc	1	 
idanii	phpmyirc	1	 
anter	phpmyxtree	1	 
timmyg	phpocketknife	1	Project Manager
coleki	phpofflinedoc	1	 
craigmj	phpolait	1	All-Hands Person
eutychus	phpolait	1	Developer
dmaster97	phpolaitex	1	 
benoitc	phppbx	1	 
hallmall	phppdo	1	 
geoffroy_aubry	phppgview	1	Developer
bouf10	phpquebec	1	Developer
pcaron	phpquebec	1	 
airslim	phpready	1	 
chadodesign	phpready	1	Web Designer
imellouk	phpready	1	Project Manager
mitija	phpreportlib	1	Project Manager
mlie	phpreportlib	1	 
ramdhani	phpreportlib	1	Developer
verot	phpreportlib	1	All-Hands Person
phprt	phprt	1	 
kir	phpruslib	1	 
liberic	phpscriptlet	1	 
ak65535	phpseed	0	Developer
evanz_d	phpseed	1	Project Manager
thenux	phpserial	1	 
psim	phpsim	1	Project Manager
iutin	phpskel	1	Project Manager
ivanwhirix	phpskel	1	Developer
subach	phpskel	1	Project Manager
saloon12yrd	phpsloc	1	 
elhombregris	phpsmacl	1	Developer
pacmaslargo	phpsmacl	1	Developer
meebey	phpsmartirc	1	Project Manager
amisharmadillo	phpstep	0	Developer
sqlboy	phpstep	1	 
piersk	phpsupportboard	1	Project Manager
mirrorbox	phptags	1	 
tellini	phptalext	1	 
cybot_tm	phptimesheet	1	Project Manager
holje	phptmapi	1	 
ivarabon	phptmapi	1	Developer
joschmidt	phptmapi	1	Developer
skesberg	phptmapi	1	Developer
tillk	phptoolkit	1	Developer
g_toastman	phpunitcookbook	1	 
fat_cat	phpurple	0	Requirements Engineering
weltling	phpurple	1	 
kuroko	phpvortex	0	Developer
nop144666	phpvortex	1	 
brindy	phpwage	1	 
jamesbondpg	phpwe	0	 
s4u	phpwe	1	Project Manager
dashohoxha	phpwebapp	1	Developer
freealter	phpwebmin	1	Project Manager
ldrolez	phpwebmin	1	Developer
bdenis	phpwheelform	1	 
mehdid	phpxbuilder	1	Developer
dviner	phpxindice	1	Developer
khward	phpxindice	1	Project Manager
mattberry	phpxmlrep	1	 
timmyg	phpxmltools	1	All-Hands Person
xeno42	phpxref	1	 
davejb	physicslib	1	 
nitro83	pic18fusb	1	 
jade	picalog	1	 
fritzone	pici-nms	1	 
jesjones	picom	1	 
mihai_preda	picostorage	1	 
charles_wilson	picotk	0	 
tgkamp	picotk	1	 
bokic	picprog	1	 
dzach	piemenu	1	 
azhyd	piklab	1	Project Manager
mhier	pilib	1	 
sephius	pillar-sdk	1	 
breidecker	pillow	1	 
moatas	pilotjfc	1	 
aspinall	pilrcedit	1	Project Manager
stretch	pilrcedit	1	 
compostella	pim4j	1	 
christophdorn	pinf	1	Developer
joshuadfranklin	pinfo	1	 
pini-pini	pini-pini	1	 
intacto	pintact	1	 
alfeller	pipe2	0	Developer
bk506	pipe2	1	Developer
bmk06	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
corveau	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
ctm06	pipe2	1	Project Manager
dkb03	pipe2	1	Developer
hkulatun19	pipe2	1	Developer
jmc98	pipe2	1	Developer
leiwang	pipe2	1	Developer
maximzhao	pipe2	1	Developer
mjw106	pipe2	1	Developer
mrc103	pipe2	1	Developer
na04	pipe2	1	Developer
njd200	pipe2	1	Developer
ojh06	pipe2	1	Developer
patterd	pipe2	1	Developer
pk903	pipe2	1	Developer
tk106	pipe2	1	Developer
tsuto	pipe2	1	Developer
willemaster	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
wilzo1	pipe2	1	Project Manager
wl107	pipe2	1	Developer
xsc02	pipe2	1	Developer
cheusov	pipestatus	1	 
john_markh	pipex	1	 
makaron	pippyextras	1	 
qylox	pippyextras	1	All-Hands Person
fbellier	piproject	1	Project Manager
prioux	pirobject	1	 
miller_m	piru	1	 
jhermann	pirxx	1	 
ekovanci	pisibul	0	Web Designer
erenturkay	pisibul	0	Web Designer
ikesen	pisibul	0	Developer
jnmbk	pisibul	1	Project Manager
usta	pisibul	1	Developer
epn	pithreads	1	 
bvgastel	pitoolkit	1	 
grimdel	pixcon	1	 
birosp	pixel-team	1	Developer
daniel-ocean	pixel-team	1	Developer
mix-r	pixel-team	1	 
titcar	pixel-team	1	Project Manager
wezzy2k	pixide	1	 
vivash	piy	1	All-Hands Person
tea_man	pjda	1	 
alperoze	pl-ray	1	 
rrm3	plain-gnome	1	 
javierpb	plaindb	1	 
nchalumeau	plan-heure	1	Developer
arerano	planeshift3dmod	0	Developer
caarrie	planeshift3dmod	1	Project Manager
rnickell	planeshift3dmod	1	Project Manager
svuun	planeshift3dmod	1	Developer
sxealex	planeshift3dmod	1	Developer
thomphoenix	planeshift3dmod	1	Developer
qualdevplanning	planning-tool	1	 
c0diq	platinum	1	 
carmello	platonos	1	Project Manager
kevin-duffey	platonos	1	Project Manager
ohapon	plazmastudio	1	 
altumano	pldoc	1	Project Manager
cieslik	pldoc	1	Developer
dvoytenko	pldoc	1	 
gpaulissen	pldoc	1	 
soltesz_andras	pldoc	1	Developer
toche_	pldoc	1	Developer
t_schaedler	pldoc	1	 
tav	plexnet	1	 
rconner	plexus	1	 
alex_nanou	pli	1	 
dyatel	pli	1	Developer
esyr	pli	1	Doc Writer
gennady_kovalev	pli	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bronc94583	plinko	1	 
pljones	plj-simpe	1	All-Hands Person
palotas	plossum	1	 
phlambert	plsql-reports	1	 
astahlhut	plstrutsit	0	Developer
euklid	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
manfredwolff	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
martinspiller	plstrutsit	1	Developer
fernandoribeiro	pluggathon	1	Developer
rodrigoabreu	pluggathon	1	Developer
marcelschoen	pluginbox	1	 
ronchese	pluginenviron	1	 
joegenbaclor	pluginpp	1	 
condordes	plutils	1	 
hatimk	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
janggerang	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
zohar_zi	plyxo	1	 
jperl	pm2media	1	 
orz	pmask	1	 
allancaplan	pmd	0	Developer
a_lumyanski	pmd	0	Developer
bluejohn	pmd	0	Developer
daleanson	pmd	0	Developer
dpeugh	pmd	1	Developer
ezust	pmd	1	Developer
holobender	pmd	1	Developer
hooperbloob	pmd	1	Developer
jigerjava	pmd	1	Developer
kubacki	pmd	1	Developer
mikkey	pmd	1	Developer
nascif	pmd	1	Developer
olemartin	pmd	1	Developer
phherlin	pmd	1	Developer
rgustav	pmd	1	Developer
rpelisse	pmd	1	Developer
tkleiber	pmd	1	Developer
tomcopeland	pmd	1	Project Manager
tomslot	pmd	1	Developer
wfzelle	pmd	1	Developer
xlv	pmd	1	Developer
rhat	pmdmc	1	 
chiefaua	pmking	1	 
emre_zaim	pmking	1	Developer
mrc__	pmking	1	Developer
rolandus	pmking	1	Developer
seppo34	pmking	1	Developer
tanocelen	pmking	1	Developer
argaldo	pmlparser	1	 
grahamcarlyle	pmock	1	 
aprost	pmr	1	Developer
lpetit	pmr	1	Developer
celsogbj	pmtools	1	 
luke_br	pmtools	1	Developer
gregm	pmw	1	 
mandryka000	pmw	1	Developer
doughellmann	pmwcontribd	1	 
smaaps	pncs	1	 
acmonkey	pnencompass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crazy4bass	pnencompass	0	 
fixxx	pnencompass	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
madhatter7	pnencompass	1	Project Manager
saytheb	pnencompass	1	Developer
kingofgib	pnet6	1	 
gilgamesh21141	pngraph	1	 
postnuketv	pnlanguages	1	Project Manager
bgr	pnotepad	0	Developer
jhawkins	pnotepad	0	 
missingintellec	pnotepad	0	Developer
ssteele	pnotepad	1	Project Manager
ssx	pnotepad	1	 
elgranazul	pnshadowrun	1	 
paulperkins	pocketpctools	1	 
garyniu	pockit	1	 
slashzero	podcrappr	1	 
adamkennedy	poe	0	Developer
apocal	poe	0	Developer
arthurbergman	poe	0	Developer
bingosnet	poe	0	Developer
bizb	poe	0	Developer
bsmith	poe	0	Developer
cfedde	poe	0	Developer
cwest	poe	0	Developer
elektronenvolt	poe	0	Developer
gwyn17	poe	0	Developer
hachi	poe	0	Developer
immute	poe	0	Developer
lotr	poe	0	Developer
nothingmuch	poe	0	Developer
nwilliams	poe	0	Developer
rcaputo	poe	1	No specific role
sungo	poe	1	Developer
tarrantsun	poe	1	Developer
teknikill	poe	1	Developer
bergla	pogled	1	 
pointcutdoctor	pointcutdoctor	1	 
cotp	poisonx	1	Developer
mivabe	poisonx	1	Developer
theeggman	poisonx	1	Project Manager
dufgrinder	pojamas	0	Developer
xavierpayne	pojamas	1	 
rcpsamples	pojoeditorrcp	1	 
skounis	pojoeditorrcp	1	 
clyde	pokea	0	 
fprog	pokea	1	 
h_malhot	pokea	1	 
j_isber	pokea	1	 
m_eljayo	pokea	1	 
n_fourni	pokea	1	 
eswanson	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
kadmos	pol-doc-devel	1	Doc Writer
khael	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
longobord	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
madmanatw	pol-doc-devel	1	Developer
racalac	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
rykard	pol-doc-devel	1	Doc Writer
speka	pol-doc-devel	1	Doc Writer
beleta	polux	1	 
sticksoftware	polyglot	1	 
phelps	polyglotman	1	 
nanoage	pom	0	Developer
poirchr	pom	1	 
sidhrav	pom	1	Project Manager
amb26	ponderutil	1	 
jca71	pontneuf	1	Developer
mitch64	pontneuf	1	 
knothead	ponyexpress	0	Developer
larimerd	ponyexpress	1	 
nixel	ponyexpress	1	Web Designer
huyd	poolit	1	 
sasha-m	pop	1	 
tutamuniz	popauth	1	 
lack	pord	1	 
anusandhan	port-access	1	 
vic_mx	port21	1	 
aperezbios	portabilitykit	1	 
ereinecke	portabilitykit	1	 
paploo	portabilitykit	1	 
twm	portabledelphi	1	 
critternyc	portablenvu	1	 
chris_a_thomas	portableprogram	1	 
johanl	portbase	1	 
catzor	portitizer	1	 
clintond	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
documentum	portlet-opensrc	1	Editorial/Content Writer
fubini	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
johnpusey	portlet-opensrc	1	Tester
kongxx	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
lannin	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
plumtree	portlet-opensrc	1	Project Manager
postsite	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
post_site	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
sallamar	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
aage	poshmodule	0	Developer
kjetilja	poshmodule	0	Developer
steffenv	poshmodule	1	Project Manager
daniel_robert	posit	0	Developer
dannerr	posit	1	Developer
hyanghee	posit	1	Developer
naorlss	posit	1	Developer
sjabri	posit	1	Developer
jmzh	posix	1	 
adam_liyi	posixtest	0	Developer
bliu	posixtest	0	Developer
crystal_xiong	posixtest	0	Developer
elvafu	posixtest	1	Project Manager
gustafson	posixtest	1	Project Manager
inaky	posixtest	1	Developer
jmarchan	posixtest	1	Developer
jnfleisc	posixtest	1	 
lingyu	posixtest	1	Developer
majidawad	posixtest	1	Developer
rolla	posixtest	1	Project Manager
rustyl	posixtest	1	Developer
sdecugis	posixtest	1	Developer
sunyi	posixtest	1	Developer
sysearty	posixtest	1	Developer
jtajta2002	postmansort	1	 
acm3	postnukedevpack	1	Developer
isaac_golding	postnukedevpack	1	All-Hands Person
mvrhov	potranslator	1	 
dwightwilson	pounder	0	Developer
nimdok	pounder	1	Developer
saunup	pounder	1	Graphic/Other Designer
farnea	pow2toolkit	1	Developer
foxat	pow2toolkit	1	 
abdulrazaq	powercell	1	 
richard_lyle	powerfile	1	 
garysteinmetz	powerfolder	1	Project Manager
gopalakrishna	powerfolder	1	No specific role
hammondhui	powerfolder	1	Developer
huihammond	powerfolder	1	Developer
jwin1	powerfolder	1	Developer
roychoye	powerfolder	1	Developer
powerobjectcms	powerobjects	1	 
bruce_armstrong	powerprinter	0	Developer
rkiesler	powerprinter	1	Developer
s-1-0-0	powerprinter	1	 
poogle	powertemplate	1	 
crun	pp06	1	Project Manager
allnice	ppf	0	Developer
aradon5	ppf	0	Developer
bananeweizen	ppf	0	Developer
cocane	ppf	0	Developer
deaded	ppf	1	Project Manager
dsilfvas	ppf	1	Developer
edorfaus	ppf	1	Developer
far2fish	ppf	1	Developer
jawe	ppf	1	Developer
krachyn	ppf	1	Developer
numist	ppf	1	Developer
paulos	ppf	1	Developer
po0ky	ppf	1	Developer
rizzo	ppf	1	Developer
thescyther	ppf	1	Developer
xkr47	ppf	1	Developer
rmet0815	pphplib	1	 
bsponline	ppi	1	 
ericyxli	ppi	1	Developer
its-a-me-mario	ppi	1	Web Designer
jmarantz	pprint	1	 
alex-flint	prado	0	Developer
carlgm	prado	0	Developer
equinoxe	prado	0	Support Technician
jasrags	prado	1	Project Manager
morsy	prado	1	Developer
qiangxue	prado	1	 
rggonzalez	prado	1	Developer
tanus	prado	1	Developer
weizhuo	prado	1	Developer
wkonkel	prado	1	Developer
heraldo	pragmatico	1	Project Manager
pragmatico	pragmatico	1	 
robert_kuzelj	pragmatico	1	Developer
krinke	praktomat	1	Developer
mstoerzer	praktomat	1	Developer
zeller	praktomat	1	Developer
dobrikov	pranka	1	Editorial/Content Writer
dstaykov	pranka	1	Developer
grafini	pranka	1	Developer
haralambiev	pranka	1	Unix Admin
hristost	pranka	1	Developer
kdaskalova	pranka	1	Project Manager
krasimir1234	pranka	1	Developer
krdobrev	pranka	1	 
krivia	pranka	1	Developer
muxozavar	pranka	1	Developer
nakov	pranka	1	Project Manager
olgamyst	pranka	1	Developer
stanchost	pranka	1	Developer
todor1	pranka	1	Project Manager
zhelio1234	pranka	1	Developer
dozz	prass	1	All-Hands Person
fabienillide	prass	1	Editorial/Content Writer
holywombat	prass	1	Developer
sahaj	prass	1	Developer
aziz	prctl	1	 
andimei	preclipse	0	Developer
bansheetl	preclipse	0	Developer
pmayer	preclipse	1	Project Manager
sushi_78	preclipse	1	Developer
jppietsch	prefedit	1	All-Hands Person
sjoerd_bakker	prefeditgui	1	 
mbaudier	prenzl	1	Project Manager
ocapillon	prenzl	1	Project Manager
kkt49	preparedsql	1	 
stuffle	preps	1	 
cavac	preselib	1	 
cbiette	presto	0	Developer
julienito	presto	0	Developer
klauswuestefeld	presto	1	Project Manager
leecho	presto	1	Developer
nodari	presto	1	Project Manager
simbian	presto	1	Developer
tirsen	presto	1	Developer
gregerohlson	prevalence	1	 
niklasb	prevalence	1	Developer
dvorme	prevayler	0	Developer
hsoares	prevayler	0	Developer
jacobk	prevayler	0	Developer
jsampson	prevayler	1	Project Manager
klauswuestefeld	prevayler	1	Project Manager
leecho	prevayler	1	Developer
nodari	prevayler	1	Developer
tirsen	prevayler	1	Developer
int32	prima-p5	1	 
matthias_herp	privaccessor	0	Doc Writer
sebidietrich	privaccessor	1	 
wbeebe	prj-champollion	1	 
anguilla	prjtool	1	 
mauricioperez	prkmanager	1	 
dthoma	prngcollection	1	 
decryption	probabilitygen	1	Developer
encryption	probabilitygen	1	 
hisfurness	problomatic	0	 
stiegld	problomatic	1	 
joshr	proc-nicesleep	1	All-Hands Person
merry_way	processclass	1	 
benfry	processing	1	 
fjen	processing	1	Tester
fli	processing	1	Developer
reas	processing	1	 
sgreenwold	processing	1	 
tom_carden	processing	1	Tester
toxmeister	processing	1	 
crsadun	processmonitor	1	 
emvy	procfsutils	1	 
kraades	prodbk	1	 
aganapat	produlus	1	Developer
jorvis	produlus	1	 
troy_melhase	profitpy	1	 
bschalck	profnote	1	 
bstobart	progect	0	Requirements Engineering
burgbach	progect	1	Developer
bwinton	progect	1	Developer
dannyzeng	progect	1	Developer
juddrogers	progect	1	Developer
rick_price	progect	1	Developer
rwhitby	progect	1	 
scottydvt	progect	1	Developer
hajdam	progjazy	1	 
adeel79	prograde	0	Developer
bhimpfen	prograde	1	Project Manager
fletch15	prograde	1	Developer
ivangum	prograde	1	 
jyothi_sunke	prograde	1	Developer
kalinga	prograde	1	Developer
komodo_anaconda	prograde	1	Developer
kondakrishna	prograde	1	Developer
nigel_brown	prograde	1	Developer
nkasuganti	prograde	1	Developer
phenderson27	prograde	1	Developer
pointejb	prograde	1	Developer
scrooyoo	prograde	1	Developer
sgspencer50	prograde	1	Developer
shiv123	prograde	1	Developer
skkosanam	prograde	1	 
tdkoll	prograde	1	Developer
victormaoh	prograde	1	Developer
andriess	programanalysis	0	 
borisboesler	programanalysis	0	 
melcher	programanalysis	0	All-Hands Person
sourcebaer	programanalysis	1	 
evren	programlama	1	 
jaiq	programlama	1	 
kephrenz	programlama	1	 
jyapu	programx	1	 
smurfd	project-monkey	1	 
markflatischler	project-status	1	 
leghk	projectapollo	1	 
munerot	projectarchit	1	Project Manager
joe_fish	projectb	1	 
mr_goodwin	projectb	1	 
philipx	projectbench	1	 
rscrawford	projectbench	1	Developer
dietmars	projectbutler	1	 
froehler	projectbutler	1	Developer
japh	projectbutler	1	 
koppelhuber	projectbutler	1	 
pitt	projectbutler	1	 
devcybiko	projectcybiko	1	 
darksnow	projecteditor	1	 
doc_savage	projectgrowl	1	 
sterlingbutts	projectgrowl	1	Project Manager
antoniogogo	projection	0	Developer
jgongo	projection	1	Project Manager
nar6mm	projection	1	Requirements Engineering
tangsc	projection	1	Project Manager
beckmi	projectjedi	1	Project Manager
mthoma	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
peter3	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
marcduerst	projector	0	Developer
opusadmin	projector	1	Project Manager
peoopus	projector	1	Project Manager
superhausi	projector	1	 
bantik	projectory	1	 
maciejr	projects-briefc	1	 
gerbier	projinfo	1	 
ekim_yar	projman	0	Doc Writer
krogoth2	projman	1	All-Hands Person
lynosull	projman	1	Developer
bramadams	prologdoc	1	 
cmungall	prologdoc	1	 
kdschutt	prologdoc	1	 
sfandino	prologdoc	1	Developer
bwaters	promanager	1	 
edsonmedina	promanager	1	No specific role
fdbird	promanager	1	Project Manager
svvto	promanager	1	 
tharju	pronetha	1	Developer
lasa	propane	1	 
sou-m	propedit	1	 
toyinakinlaja	propertybinding	1	 
edouard_mercier	propertyexplore	1	Developer
pedro_cristian	propertyexplore	1	 
santoshb	propertymanager	1	 
russell_morris	propertytree	1	 
fierensyves	propertyviewer	1	Project Manager
nightstorm	propmgr	1	 
pbloemendaal	propobjs	1	 
ahs3	prospect	0	Developer
mudbone	prospect	0	Developer
type2	prospect	1	Project Manager
jonrssll	prosperapi	1	 
rateladder	prosperapi	1	 
wealthboy	prosperapi	1	Developer
johnallengreen	prostyle	1	Project Manager
judyhg	prostyle	1	No specific role
jurjen	prostyle	1	No specific role
bithexe	protewiz	1	Developer
matysiak	protewiz	1	 
schaller	protofuzz	1	All-Hands Person
nate	protomatter	1	 
adamkennedy	proton-ce	0	Developer
blm	proton-ce	0	Developer
derjoni	proton-ce	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jenne22	proton-ce	0	Graphic/Other Designer
pfuschi	proton-ce	0	Developer
sir_lichtkind	proton-ce	1	Project Manager
techcode_net	proton-ce	1	Developer
echoprog	protonium	1	 
danielpontello	protontoolkit	1	 
shiflett	protoscope	1	Project Manager
semfind	prototypewidget	1	 
agibbs1	protrak	1	Graphic/Other Designer
alavelle	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
fgarcia2	protrak	1	Doc Writer
marbenitez	protrak	1	Developer
ogodinez	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
spencer_koy	protrak	1	Requirements Engineering
jayclassless	providerfactory	1	 
fperezpa	providers	1	Developer
ggallo	providers	1	Developer
gmeyer1604	providers	1	 
namorrortu	providers	1	Developer
michaelman	prowser	1	Developer
betanik	proxool	0	Developer
billhorsman	proxool	1	 
brenuart	proxool	1	Developer
chr32	proxool	1	Developer
gards	proxool	1	Developer
musicstar	proxool	1	Developer
chousz	proxyj	1	 
jormuocu	proyectocree	1	 
demian0311	prysm	1	 
amn3s1a	ps2dev	0	 
karmix	ps2dev	1	Developer
kvaks	ps2dev	1	Developer
lovely	ps2dev	1	No specific role
mrbrown	ps2dev	1	Developer
now3d	ps2dev	1	No specific role
oobles	ps2dev	1	Project Manager
rc5stint	ps2dev	1	Developer
scotti	ps2dev	1	Developer
sjeep	ps2dev	1	Developer
thyng	ps2dev	1	Tester
bnaughton	psa-api	1	 
cdempsie	psa-api	1	Developer
chris_manning	psa-api	1	All-Hands Person
dt0000	psa-api	1	All-Hands Person
g_bruce	psa-api	1	Project Manager
mike_hosking	psa-api	1	Developer
robertmm	psa-api	1	 
sjosborne	psa-api	1	Project Manager
tonyobrien	psa-api	1	Project Manager
aball	psc	1	 
georgetho	pscux	0	Developer
iscux	pscux	1	 
yoda22281	psjavalibrary	1	No specific role
davidconnell	psoweb	1	 
bstpierre	psp-web	1	 
charlie-pspde	pspde	1	Developer
kevina	pspell	1	 
psequeira	psplogger	1	All-Hands Person
seforest	psplogger	1	 
keidel	psplots	1	Project Manager
yoda22281	psretprojects	1	 
bearmini	pstools	1	 
francisandre	pstreams	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
redi	pstreams	1	Developer
robertmacgrogan	pswing	1	 
psychomad	psycholib	1	 
alphatia	ptclanserver	1	 
ceeclipse	ptclanserver	1	Developer
darkbyte	ptclanserver	1	Developer
icthux	ptclanserver	1	Developer
quantumfusion	ptclanserver	1	Developer
zorainic	ptclanserver	1	Developer
jschmidlapp	pthreads-emb	1	 
foozy	ptlog	1	 
ned14	ptmalloc2	1	 
myddrin	ptmb	1	 
rpbg123	ptr-vector	1	 
forsaken_dragon	ptrivia	1	Project Manager
jeffwilson12	ptrivia	1	Web Designer
programmer16	ptrivia	1	 
hovik	ptypes	1	Developer
jpr5	ptypes	1	Developer
mark_lentczner	ptypes	1	Developer
craneandcrow	publictest	0	Web Designer
ianmills	publictest	1	 
dtroller	pul	1	Developer
morb	pul	1	Developer
gfuta	pulpit	1	Project Manager
mikosoft	pulpit	1	 
pawlos	pulpit	1	Developer
pstachal	pulpit	1	Developer
opium	pulpitum	1	Developer
kolham	pumaengine	0	Developer
sevendust	pumaengine	1	 
rotsenm	puno	1	 
antonyhosking	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
frankm78	purdue-penumbra	1	Project Manager
igorfoox	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
justinmanus	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
shazbotus	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
rwehrli	purdy	1	 
denny_depok	purefect	1	Project Manager
klorofil	purefect	1	 
jabberbeak	pureinteraction	1	 
alil	purple	1	Developer
bunnz	purple	1	All-Hands Person
klhurley	purple	1	Developer
m_hael	purple	1	Developer
caye	pushex	1	Developer
hendrik-speck	pushex	1	Developer
weidlix	pushex	1	Developer
stodge	pv3dglib	1	 
natenewz	pvigil	0	Developer
newz2000	pvigil	1	 
wilhelmi	pvm-plus-plus	1	Project Manager
caseyrad	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
habitaire	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
interpro	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
jeff4amy	pvxhelpdesk	1	Project Manager
ldoornek	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
lleavell	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
mcclegd	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
mcongdon	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
mrbojangles	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
nealmckinney	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
nth	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
shornick	pvxhelpdesk	1	Developer
coppertronian	pword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mnoon	pword	1	Developer
petertt	pword	1	Developer
aditsu	pwrgrid	0	Developer
black_adder	pwrgrid	1	 
bmuirhead	pwss	1	Developer
simplespirit	pwss	1	 
d_starke	pxelasticlayout	1	 
rodrigogarcia	pxjpf	1	 
ahinzmann	pxl	1	Developer
erdmann	pxl	1	Project Manager
geromueller	pxl	1	 
matthiaskirsch	pxl	1	Developer
mplum	pxl	1	Developer
oactis	pxl	1	Project Manager
rfischer	pxl	1	Developer
steggemann	pxl	1	Project Manager
tklimk	pxl	1	Project Manager
yayo75	pxw4pa	1	 
ggarside	py-cctype	1	Developer
gbrunet	py-dbase	1	 
csm-101	py-universe	0	Developer
gbay	py-universe	0	Project Manager
jmacy	py-universe	0	Developer
jstrout	py-universe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lalo	py-universe	0	Developer
rdmurray	py-universe	0	Developer
thancock	py-universe	1	Content Management
zigguratt	py-universe	1	Developer
romeu_pieritz	pyaalib	1	 
sch	pyacad	1	Project Manager
codon	pyaes	1	 
cl4ud10	pyagend	1	 
dcohen	pyagent	1	Project Manager
dmakogon	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
dougfort	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
jgriffin716	pyagent	1	Developer
agriggio	pyallegro	1	Developer
akx	pyallegro	1	Project Manager
elias	pyallegro	1	Developer
gradha	pyallegro	1	Developer
jmtapio	pyallegro	1	Developer
zorder	pyalog	1	 
ornitorrincos	pyalpm	1	 
chodorowski	pyaros	1	Project Manager
falemagn	pyaros	1	Developer
e078120	pyawk	1	 
raghuprasad	pybackend	1	 
yuriy_levchenko	pybind	1	 
bwarsaw	pybsddb	0	Developer
greg	pybsddb	1	Developer
itamar	pybsddb	1	Developer
jcea	pybsddb	1	Developer
merel	pybsddb	1	Developer
robind	pybsddb	1	Project Manager
htgoebel	pycalendar	1	 
jr31	pycamelot	1	 
kangounator	pycamelot	1	Project Manager
sro	pycddb	1	 
lawson89	pycdk	1	 
necoro	pycdk	1	Project Manager
dmakovey	pycli	1	 
ratsberg	pyclink	1	 
franzg	pyclips	1	Project Manager
johanlindberg	pyclips	1	 
cnoviello	pycrash	1	 
micahgeek	pydar	1	 
atotic	pydev	1	 
fabioz	pydev	1	Project Manager
seanlh	pydev	1	Developer
rclbelem	pydistcc	1	 
gisbertamm	pydtddoc	1	Project Manager
jhermann	pydtddoc	1	Developer
larsga	pydtddoc	1	Developer
cyke64	pyed	1	 
revolvevolution	pyeditce	1	 
tjwarren	pyedlin	1	 
rynklly	pyenchant	1	 
nhead	pyerlbridge	1	 
ryan_rousseau	pyflickr	1	 
ryan	pygconf	1	 
brentsimpson	pygecko	0	 
matiu	pygecko	1	 
aronacher	pygments	1	Developer
gbrandl	pygments	1	 
preisl	pygnome-tools	1	 
god7i11a	pygoldmine	1	Developer
pobrien	pygoldmine	1	 
cavada	pygtkmvc	1	Project Manager
catsick	pyhasp	1	 
emarocca	pyhl7	1	 
scanepa	pyhl7	1	Developer
johnw42	pyinterface	1	 
mcfletch	pyjtf	1	Project Manager
phansen	pyjtf	1	 
balinares	pylgrim	1	 
luca_picci	pylib3d	1	Developer
nelson1977	pylib3d	1	 
mccabe	pylirc	1	 
kashabm	pylonparser	1	 
thapasya1	pylonparser	1	Analysis / Design
acidbase	pymaemo	1	Project Manager
lucianomw	pymaemo	1	Developer
rodarvus	pymaemo	1	Developer
ruda	pymaemo	1	Developer
dleary	pymetamod	1	 
ghum	pymonitor	0	Developer
jonsv322	pymonitor	1	Project Manager
alexgs	pymorph	0	Developer
andresaude	pymorph	1	Project Manager
robertolotufo	pymorph	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rubensmachado	pymorph	1	All-Hands Person
radian	pymousetrap	1	 
gosselin_a	pympy	1	 
akukula	pymssql	1	Project Manager
alito	pymssql	1	Developer
exman	pymssql	1	Project Manager
enrico-b	pymusicxml	1	 
franzg	pynds	1	 
davintsi	pynomo	0	All-Hands Person
lefakkomies	pynomo	1	 
hjertnes	pynotesys	1	 
tso	pynum2word	1	 
bbum	pyobjc	1	 
dinu_gherman	pyobjc	1	Tester
dsposx	pyobjc	1	 
etrepum	pyobjc	1	All-Hands Person
jackjansen	pyobjc	1	Developer
jvr	pyobjc	1	Developer
ronaldoussoren	pyobjc	1	Developer
sdm7g	pyobjc	1	 
zbir	pyobjc	1	 
mathematician	pyobjfs	1	 
mkleehammer	pyodbc	1	Developer
bhartshorn	pyode	0	 
broehl	pyode	0	 
glasserc	pyode	0	Developer
mbaas	pyode	1	 
perspex	pyode	1	 
devpower	pyparport	1	 
ptmcg	pyparsing	1	 
mbogosian	pypaws	1	 
josiahcarlson	pype	1	 
noah	pypect	1	 
djslim	pypeline	1	 
acapnotic	pypi	0	Developer
akuchling	pypi	1	Project Manager
amk	pypi	1	Developer
anthonybaxter	pypi	1	Developer
camarajm	pypi	1	Developer
fdrake	pypi	1	Developer
jlgijsbers	pypi	1	Developer
joearmbruster	pypi	1	 
loewis	pypi	1	Developer
micktwomey	pypi	1	Developer
montanaro	pypi	1	 
richard	pypi	1	 
labrett	pyprc	1	All-Hands Person
markokocic	pyprojs	1	Project Manager
mishra-_-	pypysics	1	 
pck_	pyqt-wrapper	1	 
greg_lindstrom	pyrecord	1	 
jakacki	pyroe	1	 
klvon	pysaprfc	1	 
dap24	pysc	1	 
patricioros	pyscin	1	 
dclark	pysdl	1	 
mbaker	pysdl	1	 
cliechti	pyserial	1	All-Hands Person
aguiar	pysnippet	1	 
irvazquez	pysnort	1	 
illume	pysoftwire	1	 
oodoo	pysoftwire	1	 
drink151	pyssh	1	 
mwa	pyssh	1	No specific role
rasjidw	pyssh	1	Project Manager
olav	pyswt	1	 
sesamoid	pytesttools	1	 
ftobin	pythius	1	Developer
jhermann	pythius	1	Project Manager
jjap	pythoj	1	Developer
daniel	python-apt	1	 
mvo	python-apt	1	Developer
philipdumont	python-gtkextra	0	Developer
treeves	python-gtkextra	1	Project Manager
bwinton	python-hotsync	0	Developer
rick_price	python-hotsync	1	Project Manager
aschauer	python-ldap	0	Developer
davidma	python-ldap	0	 
deepak_giri	python-ldap	0	Developer
jajcus	python-ldap	0	Developer
jlt63	python-ldap	0	Developer
kchuguev	python-ldap	0	Developer
leonard	python-ldap	1	Developer
mhammond	python-ldap	1	Developer
stroeder	python-ldap	1	All-Hands Person
bwarsaw	python-mode	1	 
edloper	python-mode	1	Developer
kbk	python-mode	1	Developer
klm	python-mode	1	Project Manager
montanaro	python-mode	1	Project Manager
ndrsrhlr	python-mode	1	Developer
kashif_iftikhar	python-utils	1	 
calroc99	python-xlib	1	 
funkiedamouse	python-xlib	1	Developer
jgardn	python-xlib	1	 
mggrant	python-xlib	1	Developer
moshez	python-xlib	1	 
mtigges	python-xlib	1	 
mwm	python-xlib	1	 
petli	python-xlib	1	 
zampire	python-xlib	1	 
ivazquez	python4c	1	Project Manager
abelcodemonk	pythoncard	0	Developer
alextweedly	pythoncard	1	Developer
andy47	pythoncard	1	Developer
danshafer	pythoncard	1	Doc Writer
davidmcnab	pythoncard	1	Doc Writer
heydan	pythoncard	1	 
kasplat	pythoncard	1	Developer
kwallmar	pythoncard	1	Developer
l2kphil	pythoncard	1	Developer
monkyboy	pythoncard	1	Developer
nyamatongwe	pythoncard	1	Developer
pobrien	pythoncard	1	Developer
rhettinger	pythoncard	1	Developer
robind	pythoncard	1	Developer
phil_schwartz	pythondateutil	1	 
brujahpriest	pythondbo	1	No specific role
jfranz	pythondbo	1	No specific role
ccraig	pythonic	1	Developer
courageous	pythonic	1	 
jkraska	pythonic	1	Developer
brianlloyd	pythonnet	1	Project Manager
g_braad	pythonnet	1	Developer
hardcoded	pythonnet	1	Developer
jfrayne	pythonnet	1	Developer
johnburnett	pythonnet	1	Developer
tiran	pythonnet	1	Project Manager
bwinton	pythonpalmdb	1	No specific role
jeffmikels	pythonpalmdb	1	Developer
rick_price	pythonpalmdb	1	 
paulthom12345	pythonprogramsb	1	 
sju_hawk	pythonsdl	1	 
bkc	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
ssthapa	pythonsiphon	1	 
theller	pythonsiphon	1	Developer
mjfoord	pythonutils	1	 
pooryorick	pythoric	1	 
joshua_worth	pytrilib	1	 
drdivano	pytvision	1	 
zenzen	pytz	1	 
otsov	pyuiq	1	 
purcell	pyunit	1	 
wander_lairson	pyusb	1	 
burgbach	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
deve	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dutoitc	pyut	1	Project Manager
nhamadi	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nicdub	pyut	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pdabrowski	pyut	1	Developer
pwaelti	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
artimage	pyutil	0	Developer
mapcar	pyutil	0	Developer
mccoy	pyutil	0	Developer
myers_carpenter	pyutil	1	 
nejucomo	pyutil	1	Developer
tav	pyutil	1	Developer
zooko	pyutil	1	 
pineapple_liu	pyuuid	1	 
phreakster001	pyvgl	1	Project Manager
shindich	pyweakreference	1	 
blunck2	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
boverhof	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
cmoad	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
eolson	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
feanor420	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
irjudson	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
mateo41	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
pooryorick	pywebsvcs	1	 
rsalz	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
sanxiyn	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
tyger23	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
warnes	pywebsvcs	1	Project Manager
deavid	pyworlds	1	 
inniyah	pyworlds	1	Distributor/Promoter
artymiak	pyxhtml	1	 
adewale	pyxmlunit	1	 
tarruella	pyxmlunit	1	 
jtjbrady	pyxntp	1	 
fpierfed	pyxpa	1	Project Manager
npirzkal	pyxpa	1	Developer
yurand	pyxrandr	1	 
arc0n	q-bb	1	 
nailgunster	q2-engine	1	 
inequation	q3mass	1	All-Hands Person
tpsoftware	q3plugs	1	Developer
abadger1999	qa-assistant	1	 
dpurgin	qaide	1	 
bahgdadc	qaproxy	1	 
dnp607	qat	0	Developer
hirsu	qat	0	Doc Writer
shausle	qat	0	Developer
slowj	qat	0	Developer
webhiker	qat	1	Project Manager
yjoan	qat	1	Developer
abegtrup	qcijutils	0	Developer
doi	qcijutils	0	Developer
evought	qcijutils	1	All-Hands Person
gillparams	qcijutils	1	Developer
hwmeder	qcijutils	1	Developer
mab777	qcijutils	1	 
richard_kurz	qcw-plugin	1	 
scm	qdbttabular	1	 
shai-hulud	qdlos	1	 
pcauto	qf-objects	1	 
cocoy	qf-utils	0	Developer
francisdobi	qf-utils	1	 
greenfi	qf-utils	1	Developer
kingerfly	qf-utils	1	Developer
ryhzhang	qf-utils	1	Developer
td202	qf-utils	1	Developer
jlbrd	qide	1	 
mbarchfe	qkdt	1	 
digiboy86	qlibdos32	1	 
mstrumia	qmmslog	1	 
mlsoft	qmysqledit	1	 
pebek	qnpmag	1	 
kafkafr	qodo	1	 
vkolesnikov	qot	1	 
kybu	qpthread	1	Developer
mwaeckerlin	qpthread	1	 
lenny222	qrossing	1	 
sdnakhla	qrpc	1	 
iaindb	qscada	1	Unix Admin
poezr	qscada	1	Unix Admin
qtlab	qscada	1	 
kernelpanix	qskinwindows	1	 
alex_bob	qt1l	0	Developer
and1024	qt1l	0	Developer
dionisiy	qt1l	0	Developer
ditrix	qt1l	0	Developer
dkr6	qt1l	1	Analysis / Design
dm-p	qt1l	1	All-Hands Person
dm88	qt1l	1	Developer
gralex1974	qt1l	1	Developer
ti_eugene	qt1l	1	Developer
vinick	qt1l	1	Developer
hereska	qtas	1	 
squx	qtas	1	Developer
mschulze_99	qtcharpoly	1	 
scottn	qtinformix	1	 
ecc2	qtjava	1	Developer
rdale	qtjava	1	Developer
octodon	qtlog	1	 
irfanhab	qtmd5summer	1	 
fabioroger	qtprevayler	1	 
ahuser	qtwin	0	Developer
atomice	qtwin	1	Project Manager
brondsem	qtwin	1	Project Manager
chehrlic	qtwin	1	Developer
habacker	qtwin	1	Project Manager
hap0	qtwin	1	 
gianvz	quadris	1	 
coderjoe	quake	0	Developer
deek	quake	1	Project Manager
despair	quake	1	Project Manager
elmex	quake	1	Doc Writer
jaq37h	quake	1	Developer
lordhavoc	quake	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
misty-chan	quake	1	Tester
omnibus	quake	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
serplord	quake	1	No specific role
snax	quake	1	 
taniwha	quake	1	Project Manager
tonik	quake	1	No specific role
wildcode	quake	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
zoid	quake	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pdima	quantaplus	1	Developer
smga3000	quantaplus	1	Distributor/Promoter
yshurik	quantaplus	1	Project Manager
berndspeiser	quantity	1	 
alexportnov	quantitymanager	1	 
carl_manaster	quantum	0	 
isidore_usa	quantum	0	Developer
jhvdven	quantum	0	Developer
jparrai	quantum	1	Project Manager
keskin	quark-engine	1	 
jdoggydog	quartica	0	Graphic/Other Designer
matteo_bertozzi	quartica	1	Project Manager
bhedrick	quartz	0	 
bonhamcm	quartz	0	Developer
dafyddjames	quartz	0	Developer
jhouse	quartz	1	Developer
mikecurwen	quartz	1	Web Designer
sjambula	quartz	1	Developer
sutter2k	quartz	1	Developer
topping	quartz	1	Developer
dirkhillbrecht	quaterback-jcc	1	 
inkenr	quaterback-jcc	1	 
maicrittmeier	quaterback-jcc	1	Developer
zephyrsoft	quaterback-jcc	1	Developer
deaded	queried	1	 
invision-	queried	1	Developer
krachyn	queried	1	 
mcrandello	queried	1	Developer
xkr47	queried	1	Developer
dhimelright	querylite	1	 
cruanyes	quesa	1	Developer
grantd	quesa	1	Developer
jstrout	quesa	1	Developer
jwwalker	quesa	1	Developer
kartifice	quesa	1	Developer
roger_holmes	quesa	1	Developer
brassfire	questnuke	1	 
gronagor	questnuke	1	Developer
kmoberg	queue-tbl-lib	1	 
jominyu	queueandagents	1	 
jaymacdonald	quickbackend	0	 
psycybrfrk	quickbackend	1	 
zelphyr	quickcost	1	 
alexhornby	quickfix	0	Developer
cepstein	quickfix	0	Developer
danmay	quickfix	0	Developer
dv13090	quickfix	0	Developer
gatny	quickfix	0	Developer
kconsalus	quickfix	0	Developer
orenmnero	quickfix	1	Developer
sbate	quickfix	1	Developer
thoennes	quickfix	1	Developer
horstnaujoks	quicklaunch	1	 
amir	quickminer	1	 
quickopen_pm	quickopen	1	Project Manager
bergerhoff	quickrex	1	 
e-vikram	quicksql	1	Web Designer
sdcepoppe	quicksql	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
skribb	quicksql	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tpsoftware	quicksql	1	Developer
brettporter	quietcoffee	1	Project Manager
aclong	quill	1	 
charlie_	quip	1	Developer
mcquak	quml	1	Project Manager
maudalo	qunit	1	 
christopherbess	qusystem	1	Developer
quantumqu	qusystem	1	 
eschler	qwav	1	 
pnambic	qxi	1	All-Hands Person
loko	r-java-inf	1	All-Hands Person
tobias_verbeke	r-java-inf	1	All-Hands Person
dullerm	r-osgi	0	Developer
rjan	r-osgi	1	Project Manager
roscoerush	r2tech-eclipse	1	 
ijadb	rabbitdev	1	Developer
jimwet	rabbitdev	1	Developer
raich	rabbitdev	1	 
ankhcraft	rabl	1	 
vamp201	rachel	1	 
gmcsw3	radis3	1	 
mteel	radlib	1	 
mteel	radlib-gpl	1	Project Manager
markus-karg	rafc	1	Project Manager
deflorio	raftnet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
miekeleeman	raftnet	1	Developer
mleeman	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
stijnsymons	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
tomsnyers	raftnet	1	Developer
vtom	raftnet	1	Developer
avanosdale	raid	1	 
tkarr	raid	1	Developer
esavard	railsportable	1	 
byan	rainbow-eiffel	1	Project Manager
marcosffm	rainbow-eiffel	1	Developer
erikhix	rainforest	1	No specific role
jaebird	rainforest	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
makyr	rainforest	1	Developer
sagacis	rainforest	1	Developer
voloda	raklib	1	 
e2morgan	rakurai	1	 
alan_brockett	rally-software	1	Developer
mark_j_ringer	rally-software	1	 
michael_masters	rally-software	1	Developer
solarhess	rally-software	1	Developer
levous	rallyvsnetaddin	1	 
ramnathk	ramnathk	1	 
rampart	rampart	1	 
boris_daich	rampart-toolkit	1	 
olegoga	rampart-toolkit	1	Developer
shvictor	rampart-toolkit	1	Project Manager
drwye	randservice	1	All-Hands Person
jimmiyoon	randservice	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	randservice	1	Developer
joniyoon	randservice	1	Developer
lostinet	rane	1	 
amitkirdatt	ranjan	1	 
kaalus	rapidxml	1	 
rapiersoft	rapiercpp	1	Developer
ignatich	raptorplatform	0	Developer
jaykul	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
matrice64	raptorplatform	1	Developer
message	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
contezero	rarm	1	Project Manager
major_77	rarm	1	Analysis / Design
danwinfield	ratestharness	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
marcusd	ratestharness	1	Project Manager
benwheatley	rb-string-ext	1	 
rrindels	rb37	1	 
wayned	rbmake	1	 
dsomar	rbopensource	0	Developer
fbitterlich	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
pedrofp	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
ramindia	rbopensource	1	Developer
sascha_leib	rbopensource	1	 
tummen	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
vverestiuc	rborb	1	 
frehe	rccparser	0	No specific role
mock	rccparser	0	No specific role
underdark	rclass	1	Project Manager
davyboy79	rconed	0	Developer
deaded	rconed	1	Project Manager
far2fish	rconed	1	Developer
xkr47	rconed	1	Developer
sylfra	rcopier	1	 
knavery	rdbrowse	1	 
r0mi	rdevelopp	1	 
xamde	rdf2go	1	 
areggiori	rdfstore	1	Developer
dirkx	rdfstore	1	Developer
nwalsh	rdftwig	1	 
yonas_jongkind	rdftwig	1	Developer
ear1grey	rdfx	1	 
jccq	rdfx	1	Developer
gballet	rdtracker	1	 
njwhite	reactiveplot	1	Developer
thomas_scholl	reactiveplot	1	 
bluefoxicy	readahead-ng	1	 
ftobin	readyexec	1	All-Hands Person
brachiocephalic	reak-xml	1	 
snevine	reak-xml	1	Tester
roarl	real-java	1	 
dbrutus	realcalendar	1	 
djain	realmethods	0	 
rmdevteam	realmethods	0	Developer
rmsupport	realmethods	0	Developer
thenewone	realmethods	0	Developer
tylertravis	realmethods	1	Project Manager
dannomite	realmforge	0	Developer
najak	realmforge	0	Developer
xeonx	realmforge	1	Project Manager
granvil	realpaver	1	 
whayworth	reap	1	 
davison	reattore	0	Developer
michaelh	reattore	1	 
thebosm	reb	1	 
t65w9k	rebot	1	Unix Admin
vokal3900	rebot	1	Tester
lucaferr	recaptcha-jca	1	 
mattyh	rectify	1	 
sheinv	rectutils	1	 
drake42	recurrance	1	 
martinkozak	redbase	1	All-Hands Person
sbyholm	redbasil	1	 
sfaubel	redland-cpp	1	 
josuecp	redline	1	 
redm	redmcalclib	1	 
jplang	redmine	1	 
vjoel	redshift	1	Developer
e_the_sad	redundantdb	1	 
markoschulz	ref-planner	1	 
brjmelo	refactory	0	No specific role
ducaribas	refactory	1	Developer
ecmoraes	refactory	1	Developer
eduardocruz	refactory	1	 
fabriciodias	refactory	1	Developer
kemylle	refactory	1	Developer
kvalcanti	refactory	1	Developer
rafael_oliveira	refactory	1	Developer
renatamrc	refactory	1	Developer
tayannasotero	refactory	1	Project Manager
thbo	refactory	1	Developer
walbergcaribe	refactory	1	Developer
ager	refchecker	0	Developer
freekerf	refchecker	0	Developer
mailund	refchecker	1	Project Manager
artemave	refine	1	 
casper_biever	reflection	1	 
riffraff	reflection	1	 
dllaurence	reflex	1	 
sixxgate	regclass	1	 
r4z0r7o3	regeks	1	 
bgarst	regex-demon	1	 
funnyman3595	regex-garden	1	 
anazimok	regexbdr	1	 
mcomtois	regexcreator	1	Developer
amos	regexplorer	1	 
marconi	regexplorer	1	 
mariuss	regexplorer	1	 
rfreitas	regexplorer	1	 
vpense	regexplorer	1	 
chousz	regexpplugin	1	 
yorek	regextest	1	 
swaldman	regexviewer	1	 
daniel_e	regexxer	1	Developer
murrayc	regexxer	1	 
zaemin	registar	1	 
cwaldbieser	registrywalker	1	 
frooyo	regressie	1	 
royosherove	regulator	1	 
cyberkruz	regwizard	1	Project Manager
nyxtom	regwizard	1	Developer
yakovsh	regxmaker	1	Project Manager
reikes	regxml	1	 
reichs	reichs	1	 
krakengore	rejuce	1	 
darapov	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
vertleyb	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
erikpoupaert	relartist	1	 
dancoulter	release	1	 
zardozwildman	reliquary	1	Project Manager
alejsama	remoteapps	1	 
asbjornbiz	remotecalendars	0	Developer
burakcayir	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
catoauestad	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
codepoet80	remotecalendars	0	Developer
eggeroliver	remotecalendars	0	Developer
gabrielezannoni	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
halleck2	remotecalendars	1	Developer
igra	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juanjosaurio	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juanrazeto	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jxmaster	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lasthope83	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
lightangel	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
niels--v	remotecalendars	1	Developer
reactiva	remotecalendars	1	Developer
rpsenicnik	remotecalendars	1	Graphic/Other Designer
sergiogg	remotecalendars	1	Developer
spacemanspiff76	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tbrannam	remotecalendars	1	Developer
the_guy	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tremchez	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
xmasterx	remotecalendars	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
airliner83	remotedb	1	 
sh3r3d3r	remotedb	1	Project Manager
derkilian	remoteupdate	0	Developer
mibraun	remoteupdate	1	 
nowhere-man	remoteupdate	1	Developer
antares4berlin	rendertech	1	All-Hands Person
hauptman_n	rendertech	1	 
slupix	rep-tile	1	 
mgroner	replipool	1	 
lop	repo	1	 
lookm	repo2files	1	Project Manager
rpillai	repo2files	1	Developer
martin_messerli	report	0	Developer
otto_mayer	report	1	 
spirig	report	1	Developer
technoguru	report	1	Developer
integraas	reportbuilder	1	 
scmccarthy	reportbuilder	1	 
dragoshbalan	reportengine	1	 
scapel	reports	1	 
tborras	reports	1	Developer
waldopanozo	reportux	1	 
gonnot	repoweb	1	 
saettaz	reptool	1	 
silptur	req2sqlservlet	1	 
d00yt	reqsimile	0	Developer
gervasi	reqsimile	0	Developer
johannod	reqsimile	1	 
sbastrup	reqsimile	1	Developer
mault	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
mengland	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
jastram	reqtrack	1	 
abbasi_4	requisito	1	 
rb272213	reqwishlist	1	 
magiconair	resbundleedit	1	 
paour	resbundleedit	1	 
olexandr_syd	resex	1	 
ariossw	resknife	0	Developer
castiglione	resknife	0	Developer
mfnickster	resknife	0	 
nickshanks	resknife	1	Project Manager
phildev	resknife	1	Developer
raving	resknife	1	Developer
ucbmike	resknife	1	Developer
witness	resknife	1	Developer
mcfletch	resourcepackage	1	 
maghini	resourcepacker	1	 
ewelina_kruk	resourcepocket	0	Content Management
s_kruk	resourcepocket	1	 
ejakowatz	resourcer	0	Developer
nwhitehorn	resourcer	1	 
phoink	resultsetmapper	1	 
puneetjains	resumesonrails	1	 
josejorgejr	reusecenter	0	 
sindolfo	reusecenter	1	 
yurixz	reusecenter	1	 
axisk	revbeans	1	 
albert254	reveil	1	 
gissi	revelationp	1	Project Manager
thiagocorrea	revelationp	1	 
wakamikaze	revelationp	1	Developer
billmonkscott	reviewmonk	1	 
cmrodgers	reviewmonk	1	Developer
gaurav_oberoi	reviewmonk	1	Developer
unclouded	rexc	1	 
rexem	rexedit	1	 
austria_ttk	rexxeclipse	1	 
rezzie	rezziesoft	1	All-Hands Person
heavenzen	rforge	1	 
rabilulu	rgegameadvc	1	 
monora	rgl	1	 
gbergling	rgnome	1	 
kaiousama	rgnome	1	 
rhaco	rhaco	1	Project Manager
slisznianski	rhascheduler	1	 
decelerate	rhea	1	Project Manager
fredkwok	rhea	1	Developer
golsby	rhinoplugins	1	 
stevebaer	rhinoplugins	1	 
capcaunul	ricas	1	 
rzvdaniel	ricas	1	Developer
jmenard	rice	1	 
conceptjunkie	ricklib	1	 
michaelleung	ride-me	1	 
alperok	rideproject	1	Developer
tuncnamli	rideproject	1	Developer
yildiray	rideproject	1	 
jbrewer	ripsaw	1	 
diodesign	riscos-constant	0	Graphic/Other Designer
gerph	riscos-constant	1	 
ijeffray	riscos-constant	1	Developer
googolminex	ritopt	1	Project Manager
jgangemi	rlabels	1	 
lajwantidoshi	rlframework	0	Developer
rajeshtongia	rlframework	1	Project Manager
bobnsicom	rlib	0	Developer
chet99	rlib	1	Developer
eburuschkin	rlib	1	All-Hands Person
mroth_sicom	rlib	1	All-Hands Person
pjanoski	rlib	1	Developer
rkratz	rlib	1	Doc Writer
stilden	rlib	1	Doc Writer
woobster	rlib	1	Project Manager
matthias_veit	rlogview	1	 
jabam	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	 
kmiriri	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	 
la_virtud	rm2k-rpgfactory	1	 
snhes	rmcollegial	1	Project Manager
jtytgat	ro-oslib	1	Developer
thughes	ro-oslib	1	Developer
tonyvdh	ro-oslib	1	Project Manager
matthias_veit	robjectteam	1	 
omgkenny	robocells	1	Project Manager
davidalves	robocode2	1	 
rodhyde	robocode2	1	Developer
bango	rockspace	0	Developer
spheret	rockspace	1	 
quietboil	rococo	1	No specific role
exortech	rodent	1	 
aenbacka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aniaouris	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aptillman	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
arequet	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
a_gilles	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
beatboxrocka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
cfsnook	rodin-b-sharp	0	 
chrimetayer	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
clabaut	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
cmv205	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
dissemination	rodin-b-sharp	1	Distributor/Promoter
halstefa	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
hmaria	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
jabrial	rodin-b-sharp	1	Tester
jastram	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
jbendisposto	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
jolilius	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
lvoisin	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
maryah	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
mehta	rodin-b-sharp	1	 
mleuschel	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
nicolas_beauger	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
qmalik	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
thanik	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
tshoang	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
upoopoo	roger3d	1	 
aim4min	roller	0	 
baudrate	roller	0	Developer
lavandowska	roller	0	Developer
mraible	roller	0	Developer
snoopdave	roller	1	Project Manager
holczhammer	root123dummy	1	Developer
root123	root123dummy	1	 
jpelrine	rosettast	1	All-Hands Person
odelljl	rosettast	1	Developer
pwallimann	rosettast	1	Developer
anantv	rosettawerks	0	Developer
j_wicks	rosettawerks	1	All-Hands Person
fku	rotflogger	1	All-Hands Person
colinmacleod	roundtrip	1	 
erose	roundtrip	1	 
a1s	roundup	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	roundup	1	Developer
drkorg	roundup	1	Developer
forsberg	roundup	1	Developer
fresh	roundup	1	Developer
jlgijsbers	roundup	1	Developer
jpend	roundup	1	Developer
richard	roundup	1	Developer
schlatterbeck	roundup	1	Developer
stefan	roundup	1	Developer
tobias-herp	roundup	1	Developer
tuhtah	roundup	1	Developer
wc2so1	roundup	1	Developer
geoff_youngs	rox-ruby	1	 
bobsson	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
jeisen	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
naomi_2005	rpg-maker	1	Developer
rpmwiki	rpmwiki	1	 
alain001	rpy	0	Developer
andrewmcnamara	rpy	0	Developer
belopolsky	rpy	0	Developer
bpeng2000	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
eddelbuettel	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
fobdwarf_random	rpy	0	Developer
hogend	rpy	0	Developer
jtriedl	rpy	0	 
lgautier	rpy	0	Developer
timc	rpy	0	Developer
wall_m	rpy	1	Developer
warnes	rpy	1	Project Manager
winterguy142	rpy	1	Developer
w3bma5t3r	rr-installer	1	 
otusweb	rrspreadsheet	1	Developer
tritchey	rrspreadsheet	1	 
krahazik	rsev-swdev	1	Project Manager
javmuch	rspe	1	Developer
maxtors	rspe	1	Developer
cyborch	rsqlserial	1	 
borkofnick	rssq	0	Developer
karfai	rssq	1	 
mharhen	rsstaglib	1	 
ralex	rstplib	1	 
dot79	rsyncplugin	1	 
sbosanquet	rt-tdsc	1	Developer
bikerpete	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakcayir	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davydov	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
flatron123	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
haruis	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
leandrolameiro	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
linostar	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
liuxx	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
phrodo	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
pivwan	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
robert_futrell	rtext	1	 
sbrownii	rtext	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sonny_susanto	rtext	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sonyichi	rtext	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
stepagweb	rtext	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
svv07	rtext	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dejan	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
dlozanovic	rtk	1	Developer
laza2000	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
leka	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
space2	rtk	1	Developer
tootix	rtlcheck	1	 
lasthope83	rtm-net	1	 
rguetlein	rtos167	1	 
amangla	rtpdemo	0	Developer
aperepel	rtpdemo	1	Project Manager
darkmaterial	rtpdemo	1	Developer
glancef	rtpdemo	1	Developer
hdeo	rtpdemo	1	Developer
keertipai	rtpdemo	1	Developer
kidambhi	rtpdemo	1	 
mjla	rtpdemo	1	 
slakhani	rtpdemo	1	Developer
srinivs	rtpdemo	1	Developer
sspielman	rtpdemo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gerald_brandt	rtracker	1	 
rtwede	rttrace	1	 
jbischof	rtusd	0	 
rreive	rtusd	1	Project Manager
fhwang	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
mneumann	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
thetitan	ruby-dbi	1	 
jeremy_henty	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
mendyke	ruby-fltk	1	Developer
ttate	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
cjs	ruby-radclient	1	 
dney	ruby-xlib-wrap	1	 
jecain	ruby9i	1	 
clpoda	rubyboot	1	 
cho45	rubycocoa	0	Developer
chrismcg	rubycocoa	0	Developer
el_oy	rubycocoa	0	Developer
encyte	rubycocoa	0	Developer
hisa	rubycocoa	1	Developer
jusansai	rubycocoa	1	Developer
kimuraw	rubycocoa	1	Developer
lrz	rubycocoa	1	Developer
paisleyj	rubycocoa	1	Developer
psychs	rubycocoa	1	Developer
tburks	rubycocoa	1	Developer
goodtouch	rubycube	1	Developer
reeb	rubycube	1	 
thetitan	rubydoc	1	All-Hands Person
awilliams	rubyeclipse	1	 
callandor1983	rubyeclipse	1	Developer
carter_sanders	rubyeclipse	1	No specific role
cawilliams	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
dcorbin	rubyeclipse	1	Developer
jasonpmorrison	rubyeclipse	1	Developer
mbarchfe	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
mirkostocker	rubyeclipse	1	Developer
mnaglik	rubyeclipse	1	Developer
tcorbat	rubyeclipse	1	Developer
zdennis	rubyeclipse	1	Developer
leavengood	rubygems	1	 
robmckinnon	rubyjedit	1	 
dsafari2000	rubynet	1	Developer
leavengood	rubynet	1	Developer
pate	rubynet	1	Developer
thetitan	rubynet	1	All-Hands Person
pawelb0	rubyplugin	1	 
touleontos	rubypython	1	 
redsquirrel	rubyrefactor	1	All-Hands Person
rfzabick	rubyrefactor	1	 
drylight	rubyzip	0	Developer
technorama	rubyzip	0	Developer
thomas	rubyzip	1	 
mused	rudiments	1	 
ruda	rudix	1	 
mwdiablo	rugby-scrum	1	 
ingemarsvensson	rule4j	1	 
billiamr	rulib	0	 
rumbehant	rulib	1	 
gigidrag	rundolibrary	1	 
rawler	runestone	1	 
borfaux	runesword	1	Developer
corporatedog	runesword	1	Project Manager
crosscutgames	runesword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ephestion	runesword	1	Graphic/Other Designer
manikus	runesword	1	Web Designer
montellano	runesword	1	Content Management
paleot	runesword	1	Doc Writer
titi_angola	runesword	1	Developer
vampiricdread	runesword	1	No specific role
wilbur_whatley	runesword	1	Developer
wphule	runesword	1	Developer
pzoio	runutils	1	 
onno2	rupwiki	1	 
bigmaliang	rur	1	 
davidktw	ruv	1	 
bpettichord	rvtest	0	 
m2ward	rvtest	0	 
markpollack	rvtest	1	 
mojo_kg	rvtest	1	Developer
pfryan	rvtest	1	Developer
rpjava6tr	rwfile-java	1	 
legolas558	rwini	1	 
ethdra	rwl	1	 
legolas558	rwops	1	All-Hands Person
sbogus6	rxlib	0	Developer
scottgblood	rxlib	1	Project Manager
twm	rxlib	1	Project Manager
ksadlocha	s-mail	1	 
jaedlund	s11n	0	Developer
sgbeal	s11n	1	Project Manager
alberts3	s3fc	1	 
deflatus	s3fc	1	Project Manager
gmpff	s3fc	1	 
mcurf	s3fc	1	Developer
pshymorphic	s3fc	1	Developer
rgardler	saafe	1	Project Manager
pmsrtux	sacix	1	 
stratus	sacix	1	Project Manager
d3x0r	sack	1	All-Hands Person
crsadun	sadun-util	1	 
efa	safe	0	 
pgcrism	safe	1	 
naquin	safedata	1	 
vomlehn	safeunits	1	 
shahsag	sagar-r-shah	1	 
johnqueso	sageifc	1	 
xevol	sagelib	1	 
johnqueso	sagent	1	 
bidu	saguim	1	Developer
marx-gomes	saguim	1	 
extrasense	saiseedserver	1	 
uzdun	saiws	1	 
bdecaudin	salmon	0	Developer
dagarwal	salmon	0	 
dandubinsky	salmon	1	Project Manager
fcahill	salmon	1	Developer
rstoyanchev	salmon	1	Developer
schowdhry	salmon	1	Developer
dchri	salomegeometry	0	Developer
dirkski	salomegeometry	0	Developer
pdolbey	salomegeometry	0	Developer
sfotis	salomegeometry	1	Project Manager
gotoless	saltk	1	 
bhun	salvation	1	 
samtech	sam-gallery	1	 
marnix	same	1	 
fabiorecife	sami	1	 
joaocaboclo	sami	1	Developer
zacaster	sami	1	 
alparsla	samproj	1	 
umite	samproj	1	Unix Admin
fibre	sanctum	1	Project Manager
j-pimp	sanctum	1	Developer
sambitbasu	sandr	1	 
agiolito	sanscini	1	Developer
sanscini	sanscini	1	Project Manager
sirfaber	sanscini	1	Developer
javatrout	sao	1	 
sebadsgn	saolu	1	All-Hands Person
freequebec	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
letrait	sapia	1	 
yduchesne	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
ymoussa	sapia	1	Developer
koucky	saprfc	1	 
bduzik	saptam	1	Developer
khanreaper	saptam	1	 
duncanb	sarissa	0	Developer
mbatsis	sarissa	1	 
swhale	sarissa	1	Developer
foozy	sasax	1	 
spikeware	sasconsortium	1	 
aadwight	satchel	0	Developer
kristyelizabeth	satchel	1	Project Manager
bastiaan	satedit	0	Developer
jhenyal	satedit	1	 
pmittal	satedit	1	Developer
dareya	satellitewebapp	0	 
rickknowles	satellitewebapp	1	 
bzimmer	satine	0	 
drluz	satine	1	 
nbartlett	satsumaxml	1	 
shuklasp	satyacb	1	 
sauen	sausurepay	1	 
johnanesbitt	savvyhive	1	 
mpriest	saxadapter	1	 
aslom	saxbench	1	 
yuvalo	saxbench	1	 
jeffrafter	saxdotnet	1	 
kwaclaw	saxdotnet	1	Project Manager
jeffrafter	saxforpascal	1	 
kbwood	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
ebolwidt	saxpath	0	 
iter	saxpath	0	Developer
jstrachan	saxpath	1	Project Manager
mbelonga	saxpath	1	Developer
proyal	saxpath	1	Project Manager
slehmann	saxpath	1	Developer
werken	saxpath	1	Developer
gaselli	saxy-xmlparser	0	Developer
jheinstein	saxy-xmlparser	1	 
japayne	sb-agssh	1	 
son4r	sb-agssh	1	No specific role
adejneka	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
antifuchs	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
bdowning	sbcl	0	 
bmastenbrook	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
crhodes	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
dan_b	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
demoss	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
jsnell	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
kevinrosenberg	sbcl	1	 
kingnato	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
kreuter	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
lichteblau	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
lisphacker	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
melisgl	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
milesegan	sbcl	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
nfroyd	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
pfdietz	sbcl	1	Tester
pkhuong	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
rudi	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
sa2c	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
slyrus	sbcl	1	Developer
ths-sf	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
tkalvas	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
transit	sbcl	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
wnewman	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
kaij	sbds	1	 
batzenkopp	sbev	0	All-Hands Person
msc_nitram	sbev	1	All-Hands Person
lenov	sbo	1	Project Manager
mcourtot	sbo	1	 
njuty	sbo	1	Developer
perkeo	sbo	1	Developer
dhervieux	sbtools	1	Project Manager
sholder	sbugs	1	 
adrianogf	scacad	1	Developer
junyoshitake	scacad	1	Developer
pqpsoft	scacad	1	Developer
mgineer1	scal-2	1	 
amadvance	scale2x	1	 
jamesafj	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
thomaswood	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
wrxzzj	scanalyst	1	 
bebemycat2	scarsrl	0	 
crgky127	scarsrl	0	 
dankness	scarsrl	1	 
driger1592	scarsrl	1	 
freddy1990	scarsrl	1	 
kernel-klink	scarsrl	1	 
krazy_meerkat	scarsrl	1	 
madcowsrl	scarsrl	1	 
moparisthebest	scarsrl	1	 
phantombmx	scarsrl	1	 
pyro_910	scarsrl	1	 
realrune	scarsrl	1	 
renax	scarsrl	1	 
rsn_	scarsrl	1	 
sfspky	scarsrl	1	 
starblaster100	scarsrl	1	 
wizzupsrl	scarsrl	1	 
woof497	scarsrl	1	 
a_senna	scat	1	 
turbandan	scb	0	Developer
wackynet	scb	1	Project Manager
xardas82	scb	1	Developer
apple1973	scbugdb	1	Developer
davefdavef	scbugdb	1	 
bertilsson	scdoc	1	 
sskhiri	sce-se	1	 
tmurakam	scenerytools	1	Project Manager
mitloehn	scestimate	1	 
dimitrios5000	scex	0	 
error0327	scex	0	 
karens	scex	1	Distributor/Promoter
shtrb	scex	1	Project Manager
katharsys	schdir-lib	1	 
mgruenke	schemadoc	1	 
drake42	schemamap	1	Developer
alex_peake	schematics	1	Developer
antonvs	schematics	1	Project Manager
aurelianito	schematics	1	Analysis / Design
bfulgham	schematics	1	 
bruceba	schematics	1	Project Manager
davegurnell	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
davidji0	schematics	1	Developer
drschemer	schematics	1	 
eknauel	schematics	1	 
gweakliem	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
hoesterholt	schematics	1	 
ianglover	schematics	1	Project Manager
jasoegaard	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
lastcraft	schematics	1	 
madskg	schematics	1	Developer
mjadud	schematics	1	Project Manager
noel	schematics	1	Project Manager
object	schematics	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pdestroy	schematics	1	 
rculpepper	schematics	1	Project Manager
slef	schematics	1	Developer
solsona	schematics	1	Project Manager
sperber	schematics	1	Developer
stephanh	schematics	1	Developer
surazal	schematics	1	No specific role
zhuchongkai	schematics	1	Developer
dcazzulino	schematron-net	1	 
jannejun	schoolmud	1	 
mgm55	schoolprojects	1	 
gserack	scide	1	 
alexepico	scim	0	Developer
baohaojun	scim	0	Developer
cducer	scim	0	Developer
cooleyes_lf	scim	0	Developer
huangpeng	scim	0	Developer
hwanjin	scim	0	Developer
janhefti	scim	0	Doc Writer
juhp	scim	0	Developer
linshiqun	scim	0	Developer
liuspider	scim	1	Project Manager
makeinu	scim	1	Developer
mfabian	scim	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
neeum	scim	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
ryo-dairiki	scim	1	Developer
subbo	scim	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
suzhe	scim	1	Project Manager
voidoo	scim	1	Developer
wjbeksi	scim	1	Developer
wmtuen	scim	1	Developer
ybando	scim	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
yurivict	scim	1	Developer
ocoskun	scinet	1	Project Manager
andyjeffries	scintilla	0	 
anevilyak	scintilla	0	 
don_paul	scintilla	0	Developer
eranm	scintilla	0	Developer
ericp	scintilla	0	Developer
fdncred	scintilla	0	Developer
gserack	scintilla	0	Developer
jmrodriguez	scintilla	0	Developer
jpe	scintilla	0	 
jtuc	scintilla	0	Developer
mixedpuppy	scintilla	0	Developer
mjroberts	scintilla	0	Developer
nyamatongwe	scintilla	1	Project Manager
philho	scintilla	1	Developer
rdaneelolivaw	scintilla	1	 
robux4	scintilla	1	 
scaraveo	scintilla	1	Developer
sdeibel	scintilla	1	 
ssteele	scintilla	1	 
wbd	scintilla	1	Developer
tdanylak	scipio	1	Project Manager
wpietri	scissor-tools	1	 
ahtoxa	scmrtos	0	Developer
alexdistel	scmrtos	0	Developer
avreal	scmrtos	0	Developer
harry_zhurov	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
sb-sf	scmrtos	1	Developer
spf-sf	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
jhereth	scola	1	 
plueschix	scola	1	Developer
s_yevtushenko	scola	1	Developer
gezerk	scout	0	Developer
juvs	scout	0	Developer
mattwood1	scout	1	 
lox24	scratchml	1	 
thoratou	screen	1	 
tweety_04_01	scripter-cs	1	 
arcade1989	scripting	0	Tester
arcan	scripting	0	Tester
cezarica	scripting	0	Developer
edyy	scripting	0	Tester
gorapid	scripting	0	Tester
romka01	scripting	0	Unix Admin
sknvslsn	scripting	0	Tester
starter2	scripting	0	Tester
universalia	scripting	1	Project Manager
virtual4ever	scripting	1	Tester
lenx	scripton	1	 
pnmaher	scriptrunner	0	Developer
scriptrunner	scriptrunner	1	Project Manager
frostbox	scripts4xbmc	1	Project Manager
elberry	scrumbag	1	 
siyikalender	scstream	1	 
psutera	sctl	1	Developer
wood_j	sctl	1	 
snakecard	sctoolkits	1	 
supersteve1440	scul	1	 
mloskot	scusi	0	Developer
ohochreu	scusi	0	Developer
syntheticpp	scusi	1	 
d70rh1	sd-vsnetplugin	1	 
nikolopoulos	sdccide	1	 
hamister	sdfserver	1	 
sdl_gp32	sdl-tinygl	1	 
elcugo	sdl4fp	0	Developer
int-0	sdl4fp	0	Developer
trixx	sdl4fp	1	 
reflex-2000	sdlconsole	1	 
akawaka	sdldoc	1	 
fingolfin	sdldoc	1	 
phoenix	sdldoc	1	 
slouken	sdldoc	1	Developer
weaver	sdldoc	1	 
xark	sdldoc	1	 
abertoll	sdlgraph	1	 
fenixk19	sdlgraph	1	Developer
saber_ben_salem	sdlgraph	1	Developer
ageldama	sdlhan	1	All-Hands Person
red_pixel	sdlhan	1	No specific role
wolfclan	sdlmerlin	1	 
abadox	sdlmm	0	Developer
cokane	sdlmm	1	 
neotron	sdlmm	1	All-Hands Person
rad_ad	sdlmm	1	Developer
silverdirk	sdlmm	1	Developer
froged	sdloo	1	 
tojo	sdlpas	1	 
bigwayne	sdlpl	1	 
dgoehrig	sdlpl	1	 
towro	sdlreflex	1	 
matt_s	sdlsplash	1	 
stechz	sdlzipfile	1	 
aantov	sdoclet	1	Project Manager
bajackson	sdtoolkit	1	 
dhervieux	sdtools	1	 
sivachandra	sealcpp	1	 
andyflint28	searchdelphi	1	 
pohart	searchjars	1	 
cottrela	searchmonkey	1	 
ggx2	searchmonkey	1	Developer
hellfeuer	searchmonkey	1	Developer
sebproject	sebdevproject	1	 
dcbarrientos	secor	1	 
alsi77	secse	1	Developer
antoniodn	secse	1	Developer
debora_desideri	secse	1	 
dips_sohal	secse	1	Unix Admin
dogson	secse	1	Developer
engineering	secse	1	Project Manager
gual	secse	1	Project Manager
kzachos	secse	1	Unix Admin
marcel71	secse	1	 
ozzb	secse	1	Doc Writer
ripagl	secse	1	Project Manager
secsercost	secse	1	Developer
telegraph_road	secse	1	 
walkerdi	secse	1	Project Manager
yosugc	secse	1	Project Manager
pmylemans	secureinstaller	1	Developer
teyjohn	secureinstaller	1	Developer
wboelen	secureinstaller	1	Developer
chris_schultz	securityfilter	1	Project Manager
dayash	securityfilter	1	Developer
maxcooper	securityfilter	1	Project Manager
howe	sednapy	1	 
binoyed	sedochlp	1	 
mensonge	seedbed	1	 
thomas-m	seesaw	1	 
christianmc	seif	1	 
lcstar	selene	1	 
ivan_r_moore	selfguru	1	 
atlantisrogue	selfless-python	1	 
macbishop	sememu	1	 
kabalak	semerkent	1	 
gravelld	senayan	1	 
amao671	sensorshooting	1	 
thefirelane	sente	1	All-Hands Person
darthcheng	sentio	0	Developer
linuz_	sentio	1	 
trpasle	sepw	1	 
thoulder	sequenceview	1	 
lordlust	serengeti	1	 
johanlindberg	serf	1	Developer
sofiatan	serf	1	Developer
sy7robc	serf	1	Developer
adrianoc	serialwizard	1	Developer
abewhite	serp	1	 
elindauer	serp	1	Developer
mprudhom	serp	1	Developer
plinskey	serp	1	Developer
escovan	serpens	1	 
dwclarke	serprot	1	 
dsundstrom	service-cache	0	Developer
kopela	service-cache	0	 
mkurjano	service-cache	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	service-cache	1	 
tibu	service-cache	1	Developer
dnarizhnyh	service11	1	Project Manager
jeffy11	service11	1	Project Manager
kolimarfey	service11	1	Developer
tim11soft	service11	1	Project Manager
unknownguy	service11	1	Developer
cororok	servicemanager	1	 
emorning	servicetango	1	 
modeltford	servicetango	1	Developer
dbpad	servletstudio	1	Developer
ideabrooder	servletstudio	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
joniyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
johnlink	servlettesting	1	Project Manager
wyldebeast	servlettesting	1	 
arcneeraj	servletunit	1	Unix Admin
java_man	servletunit	1	Developer
somik	servletunit	1	 
chdh	servletviewer	1	 
cjs	servtest	1	 
erikbos	ses-ppts	1	Developer
frank_w	ses-ppts	1	Developer
nlv11075	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
nlv12078	ses-ppts	1	Developer
vogelsp	ses-ppts	1	Developer
wvdgoor	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
hajokirchhoff	setl	1	 
adrianshum	seven-mock	0	Developer
colcas	seven-mock	1	 
prolifics_user	seven-mock	1	 
sevenalive	sevenupdate	1	 
cleverly	sewer	0	Developer
m0smith	sewer	1	 
matts22	sexpr	1	 
evilpuppet	seymour	1	Developer
ubik42	seymour	1	Developer
eserte	sf-upload	1	 
bensch128	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
catfoodgood	sfgdcoll	1	 
djd2tq	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
adamcgross	sforce	1	Developer
benjasik	sforce	1	Developer
byrnereese	sforce	1	Developer
chipski	sforce	1	Developer
dcarroll_sforce	sforce	1	Developer
dchasman	sforce	1	Developer
ekenigsberg	sforce	1	Developer
jlward4	sforce	1	Developer
khouseknecht	sforce	1	Project Manager
ron_hess	sforce	1	Developer
ryankicks	sforce	1	Developer
speerhead	sforce	1	 
stevebuik	sforce	1	Developer
surfous	sforce	1	Developer
tranmanyo	sforce	1	Project Manager
zaks	sforce	1	Developer
davidglasser	sforzando	1	Developer
natbudin	sforzando	1	Developer
schmendrick	sforzando	1	Developer
dago	sfsetup	0	Developer
mhearn	sfsetup	1	 
repete	sfsetup	1	 
radkade1	sfw	0	Developer
rpav	sfw	1	Project Manager
bastek_	sgcl	1	 
rgbrenner	sgets	1	All-Hands Person
sghfd	sghfd	1	 
rmarinie	sgio	1	Developer
toolshed	sgio	1	Project Manager
vittek	sglib	1	 
kbeckman	sglibs	1	 
adicarlo	sgmltools-lite	0	Developer
cdegroot	sgmltools-lite	1	Project Manager
dnedrow	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
selig	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
fipar	sh-mutex	1	 
kalandw1	shadow1	1	 
greg7224	shadowed	1	Project Manager
burlog	shallocator	1	 
k5jvc	shapedotnet	1	Project Manager
jamesbon	share360	1	 
misanek	shared-pool	1	 
mkrzemien	sharedpool	1	 
gurun	sharky	1	 
pomarc	sharpa	1	 
netdb	sharpadmin	1	Project Manager
spinthemoose	sharpcontrib	1	 
dbright	sharpedit	1	Project Manager
shakerwd	sharpedit	1	Developer
scottbradley	sharpforge	1	 
promit	sharpfs	1	Developer
robloach	sharpfs	1	Developer
anuproject	sharpgrid	1	 
barmalej	sharplib	1	 
dogcane	sharppdf	1	 
peipa	sharppdf	1	Developer
pichbe	sharppdf	1	 
scarlip	sharppdf	1	 
zuboss82	sharppdf	1	Developer
brunes69	sharpquery	1	 
srubben	sharpquery	1	Developer
crazy0man	sharprefactor	1	 
aschlapsi	sharprss	1	Developer
antoprovenzano	sharpweather	1	Project Manager
nomike	shellconfig	1	 
shagan	shew	1	 
dutoitc	shimeric	1	 
taab	shiningaffix	1	 
shinmai	shiskel	1	 
shivneetns	shivneetns	1	 
rodrigodc	shl	1	 
pthorel	shllib	1	 
vpoulain	shlublulib	1	Project Manager
lanceman	shm-arena	1	 
nirshahaf	shmallocator	1	 
bitnbyte	shmap	1	Developer
cpuwhiz105	showmesh	0	Developer
scratattack	showmesh	1	 
chrismasters	shrink	1	 
complexmath	shwild	1	Developer
matsys	shwild	1	Developer
ip80	shwow-ide	1	 
rupertwg	shwow-ide	1	Developer
jbwiv	sidarkstar	1	 
binumathew1974	side4u	1	Developer
arsh0r	siemapi	1	 
gkal	sierra	1	Developer
kiwnix	sierra	1	 
romanosf	signalslot-apt	1	 
codefox	signelf	1	 
slamb	sigsafe	1	 
gogo1234	silkroad	1	 
amooy	sillyexceptions	0	Developer
helmantel	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
hippe	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
oosterom	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
sillyminds	sillyminds	1	 
tcornel	silpentree	1	Developer
marianop	silpp	1	 
vinhpt	silvermap	1	 
dlboris	sim6502net	1	 
aaditya	sim85	1	Developer
bert_	simclust	1	 
vilbara	simfony	1	 
gumbo	simlink	1	 
bobfcsoft	simpl	1	Developer
grahammcc	simpl	1	Developer
johnfcsoft	simpl	1	Developer
paul_c	simpl	1	 
radked	simpl	1	Developer
sergey_strakhov	simpl	1	Developer
imhussachai	simple-dbqm	1	 
chrisranjana	simple-php-shop	1	 
sam_project	simpleapimetric	1	 
jivenetworks	simplecf	1	Project Manager
oox	simpledevlib	1	 
dardino	simplegantt	0	Developer
mightymiraclema	simplegantt	0	Developer
russgreen77	simplegantt	1	 
netsrak	simplejcoms	1	 
crocifisso	simplemerge	1	Developer
mavmic	simplemerge	1	Developer
juanysys	simpleodbc	1	 
mcfletch	simpleparse	1	 
shanan	simpleproject	1	 
simpleradius	simpleradius	1	 
edexx	simpleras	1	Developer
craigb187	simplerss	0	Web Designer
lesven	simplerss	0	Developer
rmaclean	simplerss	1	All-Hands Person
joechip	simplescript	1	 
liviu_aurelian	simplesqltools	1	 
reason9	simplestats	1	Project Manager
turbobutton	simplethread	1	 
etherealflaim	simpletk	1	Project Manager
gladiator	simpletk	1	Developer
kalinga	simpletk	1	Developer
sylbert	simpletk	1	Developer
matheuszeuch	simplevalidate	1	 
niallg	simpleweb	1	 
essmann	simplexml	1	 
rjsamson	simplicitysharp	1	 
samsdb0	simplicitysharp	1	 
cvarona	simply-rdf	1	Developer
naudts	simply-rdf	1	Developer
taorg	simply-rdf	1	Project Manager
cehardin	simplygnustep	1	 
fgstep	simplygnustep	1	Developer
jrc520	simplygnustep	1	 
killian35	simplyvbunit	1	 
mdausmann	simplyvbunit	1	Developer
pjfitzgibbons	simplyvbunit	1	Developer
aluepke	simteec	1	 
cedlebab	simulus-engine	0	Developer
fyhuang	simulus-engine	1	 
m0rg	simulus-engine	1	Developer
japhy	singeltonpool	0	Analysis / Design
scheruga	singeltonpool	1	 
wimpi	singeltonpool	1	Analysis / Design
williammccormic	singleinstance	1	 
yakovsh	singlesub	1	 
agustiana	sipkd	1	 
ckroom	sircl	1	 
lprada	sissystem	1	All-Hands Person
h4u70	situr	1	 
wduminy	sixemell	1	 
sjcomp	sjgui	1	 
cjstehno	sjrf	1	 
aaron__k	sjs	0	Developer
ahmad2121	sjs	0	Developer
andrew_garber	sjs	0	Developer
anthonymah	sjs	0	Developer
ay58	sjs	0	Developer
bwijoyo	sjs	0	Developer
campbelm	sjs	0	Developer
cecelia	sjs	0	Developer
cgold	sjs	0	Developer
cpang	sjs	0	Developer
erikaz	sjs	0	Developer
hockeyengineer	sjs	0	Developer
irislai	sjs	1	All-Hands Person
jeffcrowe	sjs	1	Developer
jmschwartz	sjs	1	Developer
krisclarke	sjs	1	Developer
liyy	sjs	1	Developer
mercury1964	sjs	1	Developer
mhp5432	sjs	1	Developer
muttonchop	sjs	1	Developer
mwalts	sjs	1	Developer
mwindle	sjs	1	Developer
nclark	sjs	1	Developer
sjs_group4	sjs	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
sobotklp	sjs	1	Project Manager
sreynen	sjs	1	Developer
sstel	sjs	1	Developer
tianfan	sjs	1	Developer
tobart79	sjs	1	Developer
torbinsky	sjs	1	Developer
wenfeng	sjs	1	Developer
yaztromo	sjs	1	 
ahs3	ski	1	 
delsarto	ski	1	Developer
cgrushko	skinner	1	Project Manager
venndigram	skinner	1	 
veins	sklibrary	1	Developer
wyrkeel	sklibrary	1	 
api-devlab	skratchpad	1	Project Manager
awahlig	skype4py	1	 
cfdev	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
jonesy23	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
lfslack	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
slackfr	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
wedgeant	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
aevernon	slate	0	Developer
ciboire	slate	1	 
rthorndy	slate	1	Developer
dvg60	sldragonproject	0	Developer
lordandrej	sldragonproject	0	All-Hands Person
lordeidi	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
lordfilu	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
ctraber	sledit	0	Tester
norganos	sledit	1	 
jwdevel	slig	1	 
amecky	slimdog	1	 
spariev	slimdog	1	 
lionel_balme	slimlib	1	 
mobby38	slimlib	1	Developer
sunh11373	slimpgp	1	 
kajala	slmath	1	 
amuetzel	slps	0	Developer
guwac	slps	0	Developer
lrenggli	slps	0	Developer
palana	slps	0	Developer
rlaemmel	slps	1	 
sspider	slps	1	Developer
lemmy01	slqbeans	1	 
darkchrono	slsoftware	1	 
szoke	sltw	1	 
zsozsop	sltw	1	 
andrerav	slumber	1	 
mev	slyboots	1	 
h4ruhi	sm16cf	1	 
nnovic	smallnet	1	 
aditsu	smart-library	1	Developer
fmarchal	smart-library	1	 
jwking	smart-library	1	Project Manager
w1nma1n	smart-library	1	 
bradcupit	smart-pointers	1	Project Manager
netwerkgr	smart-publisher	1	 
bilboq	smartbee	0	Developer
martin_konicek	smartbee	1	Project Manager
gpoul	smartcard	1	 
tfosa	smartcard	1	 
hengels	smartcc	1	 
rhauf	smartcc	1	Developer
atalarico	smartconfig	0	Unix Admin
ggperrone	smartconfig	0	Developer
rlogiacco	smartconfig	1	 
ngo_quan	smartdoc	1	 
amirakhmedov	smartims	0	Developer
eugene_beast	smartims	0	 
just_	smartims	0	 
qurbonov_gulom	smartims	0	Developer
razdobudko	smartims	0	Developer
shabanovd	smartims	1	 
meebey	smartirc4net	1	 
loki_za	smartmaildotnet	1	 
perrotti	smartpanel	1	 
altos-z	smartperso	1	 
nfsantos	smartrmi	1	 
hainey	smartui	1	Project Manager
gadicohen	smarty-gettext	0	Developer
sagi	smarty-gettext	1	 
smoksmok	smdesigner	1	All-Hands Person
boism	smerge	0	Developer
cadrian	smerge	1	All-Hands Person
elj	smerge	1	Developer
dashohoxha	smewebapp	1	Developer
dbiehl	smide	1	All-Hands Person
dimitry_dhondt	smile	1	Developer
emol	smile	1	Developer
mwessendorf	smile	1	 
rudi_claes	smile	1	Doc Writer
tryggvil	smile	1	Developer
vdbuyss	smile	1	Developer
vaishalic	sml-mpi	1	 
enzo	smooth	1	 
mskeel	smoothcopy	1	Tester
vpiattelli	smoothcopy	1	Project Manager
awphuch	smoothiemods	0	Developer
c47457r0ph3	smoothiemods	0	Developer
daniel_hozac	smoothiemods	0	Developer
etherlord82	smoothiemods	0	Developer
hivemynd	smoothiemods	0	Developer
kris_tof	smoothiemods	0	Developer
mpot	smoothiemods	0	No specific role
netwhiz	smoothiemods	1	All-Hands Person
remembermyname	smoothiemods	1	Developer
s-t-p	smoothiemods	1	Developer
turdfergusson	smoothiemods	1	Tester
binkley	smoothmetal	1	Developer
jshiell	smoothmetal	1	Developer
marrs	smoothmetal	1	 
ithinkergoiam	smp4linux	1	 
gollwas	smrj	1	 
thewackonerd	smsimplecms1	1	Developer
taserv	smsm	1	 
lenzenc	smtpunit	1	 
mrichardson6502	smuclipboard	1	 
m0ren0	smutty	1	 
iporres	smwscw	1	Project Manager
khamis	sn-extensions	1	 
quinticent	snaglepuss	1	 
bestmazzo	snail	1	 
irmen	snakelets	1	 
deckard_1100	snap	0	Developer
elec_diaz_00	snap	0	Web Designer
hfrequency	snap	0	Developer
l_ramirez	snap	0	Web Designer
mjpolanco	snap	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pjcabrera_java	snap	1	All-Hands Person
pj_aquino	snap	0	Developer
shockeyk	snap	1	Project Manager
cmgross	snapdal	0	Developer
csstolle	snapdal	0	 
panmanphil	snapdal	1	 
skot	snapdal	1	Developer
gualo	snappconfig	1	 
albacore	snapper	1	 
klauswuestefeld	sneer	1	 
leandrosaad	sneer	1	Developer
rodrigobamboo	sneer	1	 
codekill	snip-a-lot	1	Developer
evilissimo	snip-a-lot	1	Developer
r0nny	snip-a-lot	1	Project Manager
xeus_man	sniper	1	 
rationalanimal	snippetscript	1	 
mrmuffin	snipthis	1	 
andrei	snoopy	1	 
denzo2	snoopy	1	Developer
errows	snoopy	1	Developer
gene_wood	snoopy	1	Developer
jhs2	snoopy	1	Developer
mohrt	snoopy	1	 
cengizkayay	soalift	1	 
ac0v	soap-wsdl	0	Developer
kutterma	soap-wsdl	1	 
sitz	soap-wsdl	1	Developer
acruikshank	soapanywhere	0	Developer
cgamsu	soapanywhere	0	Developer
glowe	soapanywhere	0	Developer
jglanz	soapanywhere	1	 
nickduong	soapanywhere	1	Developer
sursha	soapanywhere	1	Developer
miep	soapbar	1	 
mrward	soaptrace	1	 
amnuxoll	soar	0	Developer
darevay	soar	0	Developer
kcoulter	soar	1	Developer
rmarinie	soar	1	Developer
seattledoug	soar	1	Developer
snason	soar	1	Developer
toolshed	soar	1	Project Manager
yongjiaw	soar	1	Developer
rohitbrai	soas	1	 
xcage	socialnetwork	1	 
zupapomidorowa	socialnetwork	1	Developer
ben-agaric	socialway	1	Developer
mudnog2	socialway	1	 
socialway_admin	socialway	1	 
socialway_dev	socialway	1	Developer
thoth39	socketstream	1	All-Hands Person
danielosmari	socklibpp	1	 
negativeiq	socksipy	1	 
francisandre	sockstream	1	 
hstraub	sockstream	1	Developer
dougorleans	socrates-lang	1	 
muro	socurses	1	Project Manager
gute	sodaconfig	0	Web Designer
mbecker_kassel	sodaconfig	1	 
pinanti	sodaframework	1	 
audran	sofaa	1	Developer
bartthebart	sofaa	1	Developer
jenneso	sofaa	1	Developer
kevin3stone	sofaa	1	 
majax99	sofaa	1	Developer
winniethepooh	sofaa	1	Project Manager
yuk1	soft-inside	1	 
aruyant	soft-wars	1	 
fcarli	soft-wars	1	 
fponchel	soft-wars	1	 
lukasbanana	softpixelengine	1	 
puce	softsmithy	1	Developer
saunup	softsmithy	1	Web Designer
theanaconda	sokuwort	1	 
m-khorsandi	solarcalendar	1	 
akurtakov	solareclipse	0	Developer
l950637	solareclipse	1	Project Manager
vazz	solareclipse	1	Developer
tochy2010	solcalc	1	 
natbudin	solidfuel	1	 
orasis	solinger	1	 
lpca	solsoft	1	 
fbalzari	somload	1	 
carlosgomez722	sophy	1	Project Manager
ceciliacedres	sophy	1	Project Manager
mibarra82	sophy	1	 
franckp	sorttag	1	 
fragus	sose	0	Web Designer
fraguz	sose	1	 
pevm	soup	1	Project Manager
sintflut	source2html	1	 
tanersener	source2source	1	 
biswapesh	sourcebase	1	 
mdejong	sourcebase	1	Developer
leifg	sourcecodetools	1	 
jftuga	sourcefoyer	1	 
bernijantscher	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
intmain	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
broecker	sourcemeter	1	 
bailopan	sourcemm	1	Developer
basic-master	sourcemm	1	Developer
damagedsoul	sourcemm	1	Developer
pmonoto	sourcemm	1	 
bailopan	sourcemod	1	 
ajpatter	sourceworf	1	 
iezzip	sourdough	1	 
vilbara	sovt	1	 
nilssen	sowin	1	 
m4r1ol	space2	1	 
cdhall	spacecraft	0	 
jayhawk_hokie	spacecraft	0	 
nilspace	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
simpliciter	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
xb70	spacecraft	1	Developer
spacemojo	spacemojo	1	 
lbeyeler	spaceopera	1	All-Hands Person
jwskene	spang	1	Developer
logicalgenetics	spang	1	Developer
rontana	spang	1	Developer
mistert_sparal	sparal	1	 
hannootje	sparqlviz	1	Developer
keithrichards	sparqlviz	1	Project Manager
jonkje	spartacusg	1	 
ken_ore	spartacusg	1	 
kevin3stone	spc	1	 
tinaye	spc	1	Developer
pylam	specacetao	1	 
pylamhk	specacetao	1	Developer
indraneil	spellbound-java	1	 
cix_foo	spgl	1	 
orangytang	spgl	1	Developer
scorcher	spgmr08	1	 
snookerdoodle	spgmr08	1	Developer
g-ruener	spheakxml	1	Project Manager
kyo_116	spheresuite	1	 
oknotok	spheresuite	1	Web Designer
jivenetworks	sphps	1	Project Manager
wwxhero	spidermonkeycpp	1	 
infosci	spinapps	1	 
glongman	spindle	1	 
hugopalma	spindle	1	Developer
aandrade4321	spiritdk	0	Developer
rogerio_martins	spiritdk	1	 
spirit5	spiritdk	1	Developer
spypunk	splitfiles	1	Project Manager
govirulz	spoony	1	 
skud	spork	1	 
xfire	spork	1	 
davidsporn	sporniketcore	1	 
bbadger	sport	1	 
lcaniglia	sport	1	Developer
st80rules	sport	1	Developer
sammy_rulez	spreadobjects	1	 
pcoucke	spring-cache	1	 
iusr	spring-ns	1	Developer
anodos	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
benalex	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
ge0ffrey	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
jdigger	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
jhoskens	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
kdonald	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
kevinstembridge	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
ldoclo	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
lstreepy	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
mathiasbr	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
mportier	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
ohutchison	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
peterdb	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
scottdelap	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
kazmif	springdomains	1	 
aarendsen	springframework	0	Developer
adrian-colyer	springframework	0	Developer
aemruli	springframework	0	 
andypiper	springframework	0	Developer
aseovic	springframework	0	Developer
azhurakousky	springframework	0	Developer
beanie42	springframework	0	Developer
benalex	springframework	0	Developer
bramsmeets	springframework	0	Developer
cbeams	springframework	0	Developer
colins	springframework	1	Developer
costin_leau	springframework	1	Developer
davison	springframework	1	Developer
devijvers	springframework	1	Developer
dkopylenko	springframework	1	Developer
dsyer	springframework	1	Developer
dupuisc	springframework	1	Developer
janm399	springframework	1	Developer
jconstantine	springframework	1	Developer
jeremyg484	springframework	1	Developer
jhoeller	springframework	1	Developer
johnalewis	springframework	1	Developer
johnsonr	springframework	1	Developer
jstrachan	springframework	1	Developer
kdonald	springframework	1	Developer
kktec	springframework	1	Developer
klr8	springframework	1	Developer
lucasward	springframework	1	Developer
luke_t	springframework	1	Developer
macsuibhne	springframework	1	 
mark-fisher	springframework	1	Developer
markpollack	springframework	1	Developer
marthursson	springframework	1	Developer
mpetrashev	springframework	1	Developer
nebhale	springframework	1	Developer
ohutchison	springframework	1	 
portiatung	springframework	1	Developer
poutsma	springframework	1	Developer
ramnivas	springframework	1	Developer
robharrop	springframework	1	Developer
robokaso	springframework	1	 
sbrannen	springframework	1	Developer
scott_andrews	springframework	1	 
slenderslacks	springframework	1	Developer
springboy	springframework	1	 
tjuerge	springframework	1	Developer
trevormarshall	springframework	1	 
trisberg	springframework	1	Developer
ulsa	springframework	1	Developer
wgthom	springframework	1	Developer
wxlund	springframework	1	 
ajevic	springnet	0	Developer
aseovic	springnet	1	Developer
bbaia	springnet	1	Developer
choyrim	springnet	1	 
chrisdrop	springnet	1	Developer
fspinazzi	springnet	1	Developer
gcaprio	springnet	1	Developer
idlsoft	springnet	1	 
jasongerard	springnet	1	Developer
johnsonr	springnet	1	 
jstrachan	springnet	1	Developer
lahma	springnet	1	Developer
lsusatyo	springnet	1	Developer
markpollack	springnet	1	 
mdumic	springnet	1	Developer
oakinger	springnet	1	 
robharrop	springnet	1	 
springboy	springnet	1	Developer
yazybones	springnet	1	 
dhalbrook	springroll	0	Developer
flibuste	springroll	1	Developer
tjuerge	springui	1	 
tjuerge	springui-ext	0	Developer
watkid	springui-ext	1	 
tobydonaldson	sprout	1	 
basck	sprstr	1	 
bsimser	spswrappers	1	 
mphuget	spuds	1	Developer
wcaputo	spunit	1	 
anhood	spyderontheweb	1	Project Manager
ineo	spyderontheweb	1	 
blackbird23	spyse	0	Developer
bvdvecht	spyse	0	Developer
dana_virtual	spyse	0	Developer
drapmeyer	spyse	1	Project Manager
jdthood	spyse	1	Developer
jeroenmv	spyse	1	Developer
mgaruizenaar	spyse	1	Developer
michel	spyse	1	Developer
scrappy_doo	spyse	1	Developer
xladage	spyse	1	Developer
aeyr	sqdev	1	 
dannyholstein	sql-lv	1	 
mjanssen	sql-lv	1	Developer
gerkek	sql2diagram	1	Unix Admin
pokorra	sql2diagram	1	 
paulbrinkley	sql2objects	1	Project Manager
pghosh	sql2objects	1	 
ytztech	sqlalphp	1	 
carlosklapp	sqlclrlib	1	 
pribali	sqldata	1	Project Manager
stathis	sqldata	1	Project Manager
javamona	sqlexecutor	0	Tester
jeffssmith1	sqlexecutor	1	 
gregaryh	sqlfamily	0	Developer
mike_carney	sqlfamily	0	Developer
mitch69	sqlfamily	1	Project Manager
colin_anderson	sqlfpas	0	Developer
lewicki	sqlfpas	1	 
tylix	sqlfpas	1	Developer
subik	sqliteman	1	 
freddy78	sqlitemanager	1	 
tpruvot	sqlitemanager	1	Developer
brianvanderburg	sqlitevfs	1	 
rafael_ibraim	sqlnet	1	 
olegoga	sqlom	1	 
etienne_marais	sqlpersist	1	 
dbday	sqlprocessor	1	 
hensleyl	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
richier	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
steven_yelton	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
bobintetley	sqlrecordset	1	 
bayert	sqlrest	1	 
marco_h	sqlrest	1	Developer
shaan83	sqlrest	1	Project Manager
neuronaut	sqlsplitter	1	 
jgoering	sqlviewer	0	Developer
moatas	sqlviewer	1	 
aeyr	sqplus	0	Developer
arst	sqplus	0	Developer
jkleinecke	sqplus	0	 
kkawachi	sqplus	1	Developer
lammeregire	sqplus	1	Developer
mopey	sqplus	1	 
sqplus	sqplus	1	 
millerjcr	sqr2java	1	 
kevinlewis	squarespf	1	 
dijitalmaniak	squeal	1	Developer
pacca	squeezelayout	1	Developer
squider	squidysoft	1	 
krisw	srcaudit	1	 
gaaseng	srcdoc	1	 
arcanum	srecord	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pmiller	srecord	1	 
srust	srust	1	 
bsturgen	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
dknuese	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
jgaracci	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
sadao	sscilib	1	 
hzol	sscl	0	 
neko-q	sscl	0	 
szilu	sscl	1	 
szocsi	sscl	1	 
jan_berndt	sse	1	 
sifioezt	sse	1	Developer
puhmann	sserpengine	1	 
bohoran	ssh4j	0	Developer
jskipper	ssh4j	0	Developer
loonix	ssh4j	1	Developer
sergiofasilva	ssjavalib	1	 
ditling	sslext	1	 
maxcooper	sslext	1	Developer
workerant	ssobjects	1	 
tonyweston	ssresourcekit	1	 
cminyard	ssthreads	1	Project Manager
idanso	sstorm	1	Project Manager
amir	stabilizer	1	 
taoxie	stabilizer	1	 
cmungall	stag	1	 
sshu	stag	1	All-Hands Person
jboy_id_au	staks	1	 
rinzwind	staple	1	 
jhrabal	starbugp	1	 
pofider	starbugp	1	 
kewliostar	stardustgcs	1	 
bcwhite	starlib	1	 
adobrol	starpound	0	Developer
alexart	starpound	0	All-Hands Person
ameshkov	starpound	1	Project Manager
anglerhood	starpound	1	Developer
aproland	starpound	1	Developer
avahrush	starpound	1	Developer
bmoon_m1	starpound	1	 
bonniebradley	starpound	1	Requirements Engineering
dzygmont	starpound	1	No specific role
evasilev	starpound	1	Developer
galyamichev	starpound	1	Developer
garryant	starpound	1	Developer
gte619n	starpound	1	 
mblagov	starpound	1	Project Manager
rantipin	starpound	1	Developer
rlyapin	starpound	1	Developer
rystsov-denis	starpound	1	Tester
sbritok	starpound	1	Developer
serge_erin	starpound	1	Doc Writer
slebedev	starpound	1	Developer
sursul	starpound	1	Developer
varkhipov	starpound	1	 
vipn	starpound	1	Developer
vkozak	starpound	1	Developer
wwang_m1	starpound	1	 
yart	starpound	1	 
bentins	starteclipse	1	 
basti1302	startexplorer	1	Project Manager
jwarnes	statdistlib	0	 
peternsteinmetz	statdistlib	1	Project Manager
warnes	statdistlib	1	 
parywu	statem	1	 
bterbush	statj	1	 
heuermh	stax	1	Developer
mpocock	stax	1	 
thomasd	stax	1	 
hrothgarv	stciclosporttur	1	 
jinhao	stdex	1	 
igarcerant	stdkit	1	 
bellursc	stdnet	0	 
lemur	stdnet	0	 
w-molloy	stdnet	1	 
kerion	stdnws	1	 
jschultz410	stdutil	1	 
tj_willis	steelme	1	 
cdaly	stef	1	 
mlotko	stefan	1	 
eibe	stemmers	1	 
paynter	stemmers	1	 
alan13	stepbystep	1	 
flavio	stereogl	0	Developer
joekrahn	stereogl	1	 
plexus73	sternenfeuer	1	 
bastie	steuer	1	 
stewienj	stewienmisc	1	 
dandv	stickleback	1	Developer
ferg2k	stickleback	1	 
mattzandstra	stickleback	1	All-Hands Person
mlauber	stickleback	1	Doc Writer
stoneli	stickleback	1	Developer
castek	stlib	0	Developer
cermakm1	stlib	1	 
andy_rushton	stlplus	1	Project Manager
bfomitch	stlport	0	Project Manager
complement	stlport	1	Project Manager
stephanwiesner	stoffelloc	1	 
sdanil	stool	1	 
frenchmb	storcarman	1	 
jazir1979	storcarman	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
lensborn	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
zdawg	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
mathiask	storyserver	1	 
akunzle	storytime	1	All-Hands Person
cycozen	storytime	1	 
psfblair	storytime	1	Developer
shanth	storytime	1	Developer
bryce	stp	1	Developer
bullpen	stp	1	Project Manager
judith_osdl	stp	1	Developer
markwkm	stp	1	Developer
ogasawara	stp	1	 
plars	stp	1	Developer
staelin	stp	1	Developer
znmeb	stp	1	Developer
laytonjb-sf	straceanalyzer	1	 
lakshmanok	streamdom	1	 
aradeski	streamgpu	1	 
rsiera	streamid	1	 
darmot	strg-c	1	Developer
homework	strg-c	1	Developer
netteruser	strg-c	1	Distributor/Promoter
volknix	strg-c	1	No specific role
andyho	stringaligngrid	1	 
mmckechney	stringformatter	1	 
jksk	stringmanip	1	Project Manager
grnull	stringsearch	1	 
efficacy	stringtree	1	All-Hands Person
harrypynn	stringtree	1	Developer
mave_	stringtree	1	Developer
dugang	stripcc	1	 
acinom	stripes-barcode	1	 
jatzex	strom	1	 
codecamel	strsw	0	 
mis232	strsw	1	 
tassiedevil	strsw	1	 
goodger	structuredtext	1	Project Manager
cmyers	structuremap	1	Developer
derrickrapp	structuremap	1	Developer
flimflan	structuremap	1	Developer
jeffreypalermo	structuremap	1	Developer
jeremydmiller	structuremap	1	 
ussherm	structuremap	1	Developer
afogleson	struts	0	Developer
basebeans	struts	0	Developer
bryanfe	struts	0	Developer
chr32	struts	0	Developer
danilogurovich	struts	0	Developer
ditling	struts	0	Developer
franciscus	struts	0	Developer
free2create	struts	1	Developer
fzammetti	struts	1	Developer
germuska	struts	1	Developer
gruvers	struts	1	Tester
gunboat	struts	1	Developer
jconradmn	struts	1	Developer
jholmes612	struts	1	Developer
jmikus	struts	1	Developer
jmitchtx	struts	1	Developer
johnwalker00	struts	1	Developer
mraible	struts	1	Developer
mrdon	struts	1	Developer
nheudecker	struts	1	Developer
paultsmith	struts	1	Developer
phasews	struts	1	Developer
pjaromin	struts	1	Developer
shains	struts	1	Developer
sraeburn	struts	1	Developer
thusted	struts	1	Project Manager
tm_jee	struts	1	Developer
weakestlink	struts	1	Developer
wellings	struts	1	Developer
woeye	struts	1	Developer
juvs	struts-gears	1	 
ishabalov	struts-jdo	1	Project Manager
valeriy_p	struts-jdo	1	All-Hands Person
jason_pratt	struts-workflow	1	Developer
shirish_sakhare	struts-workflow	1	 
petitpasdelune	struts2eclipse	1	 
arcomat	struts4php	0	Developer
behounekc	struts4php	0	Developer
sasjadvolkd	struts4php	0	Developer
wagner83104	struts4php	1	Project Manager
willkommers	struts4php	1	 
bspeakmon	strutstestcase	1	Developer
chrispix	strutstestcase	1	Developer
deryl	strutstestcase	1	 
seanpritchard	strutstestcase	1	Developer
thusted	strutstestcase	1	Developer
fzammetti	strutsws	1	Project Manager
mmarcom	strutsws	1	Developer
iharbeck	strutter	1	Project Manager
costap	stu	1	 
anandsaha	stupid-utils	1	 
jpennal	stxx	1	Project Manager
lenisha	stxx	1	Developer
mrdon	stxx	1	Project Manager
pmode	styleassistant	1	All-Hands Person
bhumphreys	subethaclipse	1	 
macason	subethaclipse	1	 
vaugula	subethaclipse	1	 
jsulliva	subnetcreator	1	 
markstephens	sugarhouse	1	 
huyd	suit	1	 
huxhorn	sulky	1	 
onioni	suma	1	 
ysnakano	suma	1	 
muonman	summerframework	1	 
sboisson	sunbeam	1	 
anfern	sundowner	0	Developer
matrix--	sundowner	1	Project Manager
srojea	sundowner	1	Developer
varayacantuaria	sundowner	1	Developer
sungo	sungo	1	 
jpelrine	sunit	1	Project Manager
odelljl	sunit	1	Developer
pwallimann	sunit	1	Developer
sames	sunit	1	Developer
odelljl	sunit-browser	1	 
sunprofile	sunprofile	1	 
wr0ngway	sunshade	1	 
edson_goncalez	superwaba-ide	0	Developer
guich	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
wmitsuda	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
phustad	surrogate	1	 
arunkw	surviving-bots	1	 
arvindgupta	surviving-bots	1	Developer
drgrinch	surviving-bots	1	Developer
salilmohanty	surviving-bots	1	Analysis / Design
ummerfarookn	surviving-bots	1	Developer
zemartyr	surviving-bots	1	Developer
abcoates	sut	0	 
alastair	sut	0	Developer
gavink	sut	1	 
sebunger	sut	1	Developer
hadi_muchtar	sux-soa	1	 
bhanu	sveccha	1	Developer
gmatrix	svendev	0	Developer
tomothy	svendev	1	Project Manager
mondaykadiri	svf	1	 
scape93	svf	1	Developer
smplbird	svf	1	 
ajjahagirdar	svgaengine	1	 
sjthomas	svgmodeller	1	 
dlemmermann	svgplugin	1	 
da_loki	svneditor	1	 
whales2134	svnreports	1	 
cblin	svprog	1	 
lecornet_o	svprog	1	Developer
quenee_j	svprog	1	Developer
tronics	svprog	1	Developer
kasatani	svt	1	 
mbrennan	swan	1	 
andrewbates	swang	0	Developer
doogan551	swang	0	Developer
gopinath	swang	0	Developer
mattnapier	swang	0	Developer
russwyte	swang	1	Project Manager
guw	swat	0	Developer
zhuangyy	swat	1	 
dyadix	swbackyard	1	 
phocker	swcalendar	1	 
larsmkris	sweepchecker	0	Developer
mailund	sweepchecker	1	Project Manager
mwestergaard	sweepchecker	1	Developer
dvorme	sweet-swt	1	 
janmagpet	sweet-swt	1	Developer
joewinchester	sweet-swt	1	Developer
sstanchfield	sweet-swt	1	 
k-fish	swep	1	Project Manager
ronnqvist	swep	1	Developer
neallester	swete	1	 
darko1978	swflib	1	 
darko78	swflib	1	 
stephanwiesner	swiesnerxmlgui	1	 
waaghman	swift-engine	1	 
skoptelov	swiftprojects	1	 
wpausch	swifu	1	 
deivsonrayner	swingcontroller	1	 
abengoam	swinggestures	1	 
adidas28	swingml	0	Developer
afotos	swingml	0	Developer
bmongar	swingml	0	Developer
cosmo-maverick	swingml	0	Developer
dpitt	swingml	1	Project Manager
ecuellar	swingml	1	Project Manager
fadishami	swingml	1	 
ghester25	swingml	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pluellen	swingml	1	Developer
rerice	swingml	1	Developer
tfite	swingml	1	Developer
ttolle	swingml	1	Developer
bluedevil2k	swingplus	1	 
thlee	swingweb	1	 
bobintetley	swingwt	1	Developer
cjcole	swingwt	1	Developer
dannaab	swingwt	1	Developer
dgreen99	swingwt	1	Developer
laurentmartelli	swingwt	1	Developer
nikgu	swingwt	1	 
scytacki	swingwt	1	Developer
seanf2061	swingwt	1	Developer
asclabs	swint	1	 
expaler	swiss-gd-knife	1	 
joachimweiss	switch	1	Developer
loddel	switch	1	 
dapissarenko	swixml-viewer	1	 
delkos	swl	1	Developer
defiant_penguin	swrapper	1	 
andyglow	swt-datepicker	1	 
sebthom	swt-datepicker	1	Developer
abadjiev	swtfox	0	Developer
ivan_markov	swtfox	1	 
zorak	swtset	1	 
chrriis	swtswing	1	Project Manager
softwarewizard	swttocom	1	 
vraravam	swtunit	1	 
mhas	sxlib	1	 
chap	sxmmil	1	 
assen	sxp	1	 
dmaster97	sxrowset	1	 
adr2	sybaseclx	1	 
sybr	sybr	1	 
ispeters	sydney	1	 
spaceshaker	sydney	1	 
escoem	syfone	1	Project Manager
evapgiron	syfone	1	Developer
jhidalgo3	syfone	1	Project Manager
bircoph	symbol-lookup	1	 
pliersn	symfony-vietnam	1	 
imaginetech	symphonycode	1	 
lonebuzzard	symphonycode	1	Developer
rbhootra	symphonycode	1	Developer
gval	symtree	1	 
bouncyj	sync-j	1	Project Manager
wwh	syncdet	1	 
yelei	syncdet	1	Developer
medb	synd	1	 
gjenks	syndiff	1	 
andycolson	synedit	0	 
claplace	synedit	0	 
c_schmitz	synedit	0	Developer
danysz	synedit	0	Developer
dhm	synedit	0	 
dparnell	synedit	0	 
drbrno	synedit	0	Developer
etrusco	synedit	1	All-Hands Person
gabr	synedit	1	 
harmeister	synedit	1	Project Manager
hdlim	synedit	1	 
jimrich	synedit	1	 
jjans	synedit	1	Developer
jonfoster	synedit	1	 
jrx	synedit	1	Developer
kirys	synedit	1	Developer
maelh	synedit	1	Developer
markonjezic	synedit	1	 
marms	synedit	1	Developer
maysjw	synedit	1	Developer
miracle2k	synedit	1	 
pazata	synedit	1	Developer
plpolak	synedit	1	Developer
satya	synedit	1	 
sblbg	synedit	1	 
skyweb	synedit	1	 
smaughan	synedit	1	 
springob	synedit	1	 
svanas	synedit	1	 
tcaduto	synedit	1	 
gallm	synonymeditor	1	Project Manager
krebu	synonymeditor	1	 
mguenter	synonymeditor	1	Project Manager
syracus2	syracus-spring	1	 
syracus2	syracus-stripes	1	Developer
knikon	syscriptor	1	Developer
stigmux	syscriptor	1	Developer
syscriptor	syscriptor	1	Project Manager
thul	syscriptor	1	Developer
ansch	syspect	0	Developer
daoloth	syspect	0	Developer
guen	syspect	0	Developer
honksbot	syspect	0	Developer
j_arnold	syspect	0	Developer
konsens	syspect	0	Developer
mcmoe	syspect	0	Developer
nikijdq	syspect	1	Developer
n_hapke	syspect	0	Developer
oclanis	syspect	1	Developer
peshk	syspect	1	Developer
randomxx	syspect	1	Developer
redhots	syspect	1	Developer
wenzelc1980	syspect	1	Developer
pvginkel	system-xmldata	1	 
hagenyer	systemglass	1	 
bplusplus	systemtools	0	All-Hands Person
matsys	systemtools	1	All-Hands Person
thadine	systemtools	1	All-Hands Person
gleicon	systhread	0	All-Hands Person
jayrfink	systhread	1	 
daveselinger	systray	1	Developer
ribizli	systray	1	 
armel	systux	0	Developer
mokhtari_fares	systux	1	 
mpasini	systux	1	Developer
brunocarle	sywico	1	 
clneumann	t-gtk	0	 
gamaliel0763	t-gtk	0	 
kuato	t-gtk	0	 
marcosgambeta	t-gtk	0	 
riztan	t-gtk	0	 
rosenwla	t-gtk	0	 
xthefull	t-gtk	1	Project Manager
clawsss	t2web	1	Developer
titanandrews	tablediff	1	 
albel	tabletag	1	 
gabrielteratos	tabulation	1	 
andyhot	tacos	1	Developer
darkeye	tacos	1	Developer
gabrielha	tacos	1	Developer
ideasculptor	tacos	1	Developer
idrobiazko	tacos	1	Developer
jeje	tacos	1	Developer
jkuhnert	tacos	1	Developer
leoquijano	tacos	1	Developer
phraktle	tacos	1	Project Manager
sdanig	tacos	1	Developer
sunfmin	tacos	1	Developer
zombi	tacos	1	 
ngan	tagbrowser	1	 
bastl	tagcloud	1	 
oliver_horst	tagcloud	1	Developer
cjstehno	taggerplugin	1	 
essmann	taglets	1	Developer
traber	taglets	1	 
knigge	taglibtools	1	 
biswapesh	tagmanager	1	 
osmo	tagmgr	1	 
baykit	tagprint	1	 
makotos	tagprint	1	Project Manager
micci	tagprint	1	Project Manager
reval	tagprint	1	Developer
hkiemes	tagsearch	1	 
hendriks73	tagtraum-jo	1	 
mn_de	tagtraum-jo	1	Developer
timoross	tagtraum-jo	1	Developer
cjd4	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
sam_dalton	tagunit	1	Developer
simon_g_brown	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
objektiv	tailforwin32	1	 
paulperkins	tailforwin32	1	Project Manager
ragamuffin	tailforwin32	1	Developer
warlock00	tailforwin32	1	Developer
sonbuianh	tailormanager	1	 
dbai	tajaxable	1	Developer
joannafan	tajaxable	1	Developer
scw1109	tajaxable	1	Developer
eisenmann	talks2	1	Project Manager
wursterj	talks2	1	 
sivaraj	tamiltools	1	All-Hands Person
ipriha	tammi	1	Developer
mpriha	tammi	1	Developer
petays	tammi	1	Developer
bryan_se	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
generalgherkin	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
jdmartinez	tanglekit	1	Developer
lynix	tanglekit	1	Developer
tek2001x	tanglekit	1	Developer
mathis	tango	1	 
sandroheitz	tango	1	 
glongman	tapestry	0	Developer
hship	tapestry	1	Developer
mindbridge	tapestry	1	Developer
rlewisshell	tapestry	1	Developer
scornflake	tapestry	1	Developer
lutzh	tapestry-jcr	1	 
reeteshmukul	tarang	1	 
nebu_pookins	tarmak	1	 
soulrift	tarmak	1	Developer
biglug	tasc	1	 
raufi	taskbean	1	Project Manager
tahasam	taskbean	1	Project Manager
joiellis	taskit	1	All-Hands Person
valdarez	taskit	1	Project Manager
hellmasterita	taskman	1	 
mati_pl	taskplanner	1	 
lzpy	taskservice	1	 
natet	tasksw	1	 
skiminki	tautomaton	1	Project Manager
shammah	tba-py	1	 
redbomberman	tbaproductions	1	 
tomasvilda	tbarcode	1	 
futuretab	tbreporting	1	 
blkonblk	tbroot	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
netaustin	tbroot	0	Developer
panhead490	tbroot	0	Developer
theodiggers	tbroot	1	Project Manager
ecocode	tbt	1	All-Hands Person
tburgler	tburgler	1	 
terracotta	tc-ehcache	1	 
little_freaky	tc-ipod-plugin	1	 
gsantinimx	tc65apidevelop	1	Project Manager
arunarunarun	tcalc	0	Project Manager
peacekeeper	tcalc	0	Tester
univxasm	tcalc	1	All-Hands Person
a_thiele	tce	1	Developer
carnege	tce	1	No specific role
talidat	tce	1	 
mangoa01	tcl-cm3	1	 
poleegamm	tcl-cm3	1	No specific role
quadrabyte	tcl-cm3	1	No specific role
sarnold75	tcl-pkg	1	 
cyan	tcl-tlc	1	 
petasis	tclagent	1	 
macbishop	tclap	1	Developer
mes5k	tclap	1	 
zeekec	tclap	1	Developer
andreas_kupries	tclapplescript	0	Developer
bdesgraupes	tclapplescript	1	 
das	tclapplescript	1	Project Manager
roadkillbunny	tclcanvas	1	Project Manager
wenig17	tclcompress	1	 
angra	tclfr	1	 
bazz	tclfr	1	 
darkevil	tclfr	1	 
tst	tclfr	1	 
breadcrust	tclgbp	1	 
jaspp	tclgbp	1	Developer
jgarrison	tclimage	1	 
kraney	tclish	1	 
marhar	tclish	1	 
mmclennan	tclish	1	 
martinlemburg	tclmapi	1	 
exgerhardr	tclodbc	1	 
hobbs	tclodbc	1	 
rnurmi	tclodbc	1	All-Hands Person
schoepe	tclsnippets	1	 
matben	tclspeech	1	 
robert_seeger	tclstubs	1	 
dennis2	tcltextedit	1	Developer
puffmagicdragon	tcltextedit	1	Developer
patthoyts	tcludp	1	Developer
xiaotaow	tcludp	1	Project Manager
kenstir	tclunit	1	 
jscottb	tclvs	1	 
ricardoj	tclwebcompanion	1	 
jesjones	tcom	1	 
mrtn	tconf	1	 
miketyler	tcpcomponents	1	 
antonb	tdb	1	 
ben	tdb	1	 
conrad	tdb	1	Developer
cyeoh	tdb	1	 
dave0	tdb	1	 
jeremy	tdb	1	 
mbp	tdb	1	Developer
rusty	tdb	1	 
tpot	tdb	1	 
tridge	tdb	1	 
godp	tdbsql	0	Developer
hajvan	tdbsql	0	Unix Admin
kangling	tdbsql	0	 
psypath	tdbsql	1	 
andrea_piovesan	tdbtreeview	1	 
atinkham	tde	0	 
dcorbin	tde	1	 
saas2813	tde	1	No specific role
shwetarajkot	tdlplayground	1	 
tebis	tdmlib	1	Project Manager
kevin_richards	tdwgrdfbrowser	1	 
atownley	te-code	1	 
cpernaut	teampuzzle	1	 
marciodeg	teampuzzle	1	 
micmanos	teamsync	1	 
roman_k	teamtrac	1	 
chessh	tease	1	 
dek0000	technoforge	1	 
freed0	tecviewer	1	 
shanky_tiwari	tee	1	 
dfacchin	teenylime	0	Developer
lmottola	teenylime	1	 
mceriotti	teenylime	1	 
paolinux78	teenylime	1	Project Manager
sguna	teenylime	1	Developer
teranova1969	teevee	1	 
nilsine	telefonino	1	 
arnold81	teleport	1	 
ruben1980	teleport	1	Developer
rgammans	telo	1	 
vrruiz	templage	1	 
operator_smooth	template	1	 
manu_mr	template-lang	0	Analysis / Design
vishnu_pillai	template-lang	1	 
iwaim	template-viewer	0	Developer
ktat	template-viewer	1	Developer
adam410	tempophp	1	 
burlog	teng	1	Developer
chlastakov	teng	1	Developer
chose	teng	1	Web Designer
koko007	teng	1	Graphic/Other Designer
phuture	teng	1	 
romanmarek	teng	1	Developer
rpodgorny	teng	1	Developer
solamyl	teng	1	Project Manager
sten__	teng	1	Developer
vasek	teng	1	Project Manager
v_pecinka	teng	1	Project Manager
teniga	teniga	1	 
pombredanne	teretere	1	Project Manager
nkuitse	teskrel	1	 
bcurtis	tesly	1	Project Manager
rmccullough	tesly	1	Developer
dranatunga	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
bahgdadc	testfoundry	1	Developer
dmgass	testgen	1	 
tjhart	testkit	1	All-Hands Person
alandpearson	testmaster	1	 
bahgdadc	testmaster	1	Developer
lexusolution	testmaster	1	Developer
luano	testpilot	1	Developer
valcas	testpilot	1	 
yoshigoya	teststudio	1	 
tetsujin	tetsujin	1	 
alexl	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
jscheid	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
ljulliar	texidoclet	1	 
oblomov	texlib	1	 
skunk	texlib	1	Developer
stefanoss	texlib	1	Developer
thorkri	text	1	 
nikita_sidorov	text-template	1	 
enders	textconv	1	 
cmweat01	textconverter	1	 
dfrey42	textfilt	1	 
n3t0	textflow	1	 
yurimalheiros	textflow	1	Developer
littlecooldude	textmenu	1	Developer
pbklink	tfieldedtext	1	 
dwichman	tghcache	1	Developer
bobvodka	tgtl	1	Developer
muhkuh25	tgtl	1	Developer
suriver	tgtl	1	Developer
dawus	thallo	1	 
viciousdog	the-next-please	1	 
astar_	the7bind	1	 
exile57	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
nathasm	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
ostersc	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
panman75	theanvil	1	Developer
shannonhastings	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
softwareserf	theanvil	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
willgorman	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
amon-theba	thebadb	1	 
martinjakubik	theclublisher	1	Project Manager
tabmaster	thefigaro	1	 
nothingelz	theida	1	 
codebert9	theide	1	 
philiplindsay	themongoose	1	 
bckgrndstds	thenxtcc	1	 
birnfeld	theopenengine	1	 
badnick	thep2plattice	0	Developer
eldaly	thep2plattice	1	Project Manager
shepdog	thep2plattice	1	Developer
caj	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
davidhutton	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
purplechap	thespg	1	Editorial/Content Writer
vsprog	thespg	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rsquared	thexfile	1	 
julien-perret	thinkcollabs	1	 
lionel_b	thinkcollabs	1	 
aertl	thinking-forth	0	Developer
alive-dsn	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
beroset	thinking-forth	0	Developer
frer	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jhoger	thinking-forth	1	Project Manager
lesto	thinking-forth	1	Developer
masamic	thinking-forth	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
meldrum	thinking-forth	1	Developer
paysan	thinking-forth	1	Developer
yozefg	thinking-forth	1	Developer
dwhall	thmonkeeproject	1	 
nekronomekron	thor	1	 
jdavies	thorn	1	 
cdrnet	threadmsg	1	 
cass	threads	0	Developer
hanseno	threads	1	Project Manager
ashmore_dc	threadworks	1	 
rootbear	thumbview	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
seriema	thumbview	1	Developer
mizar_sf	thunderblitz	1	 
thycotic	thycotic-data	1	 
axionet	thymedes	1	Project Manager
payement	ti89editor	1	Project Manager
arnaud02	tidy	0	Developer
creitzel	tidy	1	Developer
draggett	tidy	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
hoehrmann	tidy	1	Developer
krusch	tidy	1	Developer
lpassey	tidy	1	Developer
terry_teague	tidy	1	Developer
fcarlier	tidyfornet	1	 
arnaud02	tidywrap	0	Developer
creitzel	tidywrap	1	Project Manager
geoffmc	tidywrap	1	Developer
msalias	tieradapter	1	Project Manager
omarbellio	tieradapter	1	Developer
rubenrovira	tieradapter	1	Developer
netaman	tigre	1	 
viet	tigre	1	Developer
architekt	tilelib	1	 
ozioso	time-stamper	1	 
natgio	time-table4u	1	 
alphaprojects	timeandmoney	0	 
bchawk	timeandmoney	1	Content Management
btbuxton	timeandmoney	1	Project Manager
ericevans	timeandmoney	1	All-Hands Person
johndcorbett	timeandmoney	1	Developer
sadehb	timeandmoney	1	Developer
westajay	timeandmoney	1	Doc Writer
banuradha	timeclipse	0	Developer
bphanikumar	timeclipse	1	Developer
enders	timecontrol	1	 
wojdyla	timeplaner	1	 
nottrz	timerplugin	1	 
kbg	timespread	1	 
camk	timetrack	0	Developer
javajedi	timetrack	1	 
kaczula	timetrack	1	Developer
paulseamus	timetrack	1	Developer
sfbouchard	timetrack	1	Developer
nierbeck	timetrackplugin	1	 
millershane	tinternetquery	1	 
fagiano	tiny-rex	1	 
jaalto	tiny-tools	1	Project Manager
berlangero	tiny-workflow	1	 
rrokytskyy	tinybird	1	 
theworld40	tinycfg	1	 
alben	tinycxx	1	 
rrnn97	tinycxx	1	Project Manager
alexmcmanus	tinyndi	1	 
nc3b	tinynotes	1	 
gentboy	tinyparser	1	 
caiyu	tinyprinter	1	 
gbevin	tinyqt	1	 
michelg	tinysh	1	 
the-moog	tinysh	1	 
egladysh	tinytl	1	 
amms	tinywidgets	0	 
navs	tinywidgets	0	 
sunil_s	tinywidgets	1	 
ellers88	tinyxml	0	Developer
leethomason	tinyxml	1	 
yvesb	tinyxml	1	 
chenyj	tinyxml4j	1	Project Manager
andrewdenton	tiopf	0	Developer
discosys	tiopf	1	Developer
graemeg	tiopf	1	Developer
jarrodh	tiopf	1	Developer
phinrichsen	tiopf	1	Project Manager
pmcnab	tiopf	1	Developer
pvspain	tiopf	1	Developer
ross_trusler	tiopf	1	Developer
rerng007	tipitaka	1	 
danbrown	titan	1	Project Manager
rtalbutt	titan	1	 
damonew	tjdo	0	Developer
jackknifebarber	tjdo	1	Developer
wordtech	tk-components	1	 
aqumsieh	tk-mdi	1	All-Hands Person
goodcall	tk-mdi	1	All-Hands Person
bernd-ruecker	tk4jbpm	1	 
hobbs	tkcon	1	 
patthoyts	tkcon	1	All-Hands Person
danc2k2	tkdev	1	 
janusfury	tkdev	1	Developer
tkeuix	tkdev	1	Developer
boakley	tkdiff	1	 
dorothyr	tkdiff	1	Developer
klassa	tkdiff	1	All-Hands Person
tomdunne	tkdiff	1	 
krumms	tkf	1	 
fbonnet	tkgs	1	 
hobbs	tkgs	1	 
mdejong	tkgs	1	 
phelps	tkman	1	 
andreas_kupries	tktable	0	Developer
damonc	tktable	0	Developer
davygrvy	tktable	0	Developer
ericm	tktable	1	 
hobbs	tktable	1	 
jenglish	tktable	1	Project Manager
muonics	tktable	1	Developer
patthoyts	tktable	1	Developer
petasis	tktable	1	Developer
sbron	tktable	1	Developer
tallniel	tktable	1	Developer
dhiren	tktk	1	 
andreas_kupries	tktreectrl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
hobbs	tktreectrl	1	 
hobbs2	tktreectrl	1	 
krischan	tktreectrl	1	 
treectrl	tktreectrl	1	 
clpoda	tktut	1	 
ccleva	tlabs	1	Project Manager
flibuste	tlabs	1	Project Manager
kl-icann	tld-validation	1	 
limhanchul	tle	0	Developer
madvirus	tle	1	 
myway310	tle	1	 
dgasaway	tlistviewq	1	 
ecky-l	tloona	1	 
aborr	tls	0	 
hobbs	tls	1	 
hobbs2	tls	1	 
patthoyts	tls	1	Developer
razzell	tls	1	Developer
scottg	tls	1	 
zoro2	tls	1	Developer
gra_moore	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
grove	tmapi	1	Developer
joschmidt	tmapi	1	Developer
kal_ahmed	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
larsga	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
lheuer	tmapi	1	Developer
lischke2	tmapi	1	Developer
eilbracht	tmapinet	1	Developer
skesberg	tmapinet	1	 
pleasereferto	tmessage	1	 
apataki	tmplugin	1	 
gra_moore	tmwsi	1	 
ned14	tnfox	1	Project Manager
coombez	toast	1	Developer
knovak	toast	1	Developer
lars76	toast	1	Developer
mstevenson8	toast	1	Developer
pelletjl	toast	1	Developer
vincentharvey	toast	1	Developer
bobbyone	toaster	0	 
bobsky	toaster	1	 
hpmad	toaster	1	 
fernandoh	todotracker	1	Project Manager
martinbascal	todotracker	1	 
alchemar	tolop	1	Developer
signature	tolop	1	Developer
takumanjiro	tolstoj	1	 
menalaus	tomasulo	1	Developer
ttgamage	tomasulo	1	 
beeson	tomcatide	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bornik	tomcatide	1	 
dev2null	tomcatide	1	No specific role
haqwin	tomcatide	1	Graphic/Other Designer
mberg	tomcatide	1	 
pean	tomcatide	1	 
tigermalinen	tomcatide	1	Developer
lasa	tome	1	 
peejeh	tonic	1	 
hieuhn	tonkin	1	Project Manager
hoangvv	tonkin	1	Project Manager
fortuna	toolbag	1	 
marc_andrysco	toolc	1	 
vaebn_kehn	toolc	1	Developer
carldmitch	tools4java	0	 
james-mitchell	tools4java	1	Project Manager
eric451	toolsync	1	 
topas2d	topas2d	1	 
maciekmazur	topclipse	1	 
nelson_r_furlan	topog	1	 
abulava	torba	1	Developer
maxim-r	torba	1	 
marcus_uni	torero	1	 
schwab001	torero	1	Project Manager
dasdirk	torm	1	 
f121465	torqi	1	 
beffy	torqueide	1	Project Manager
degarrah	torqueide	1	Developer
xagon7	torqueide	1	Developer
tenar	tosl	1	 
alasota	toster	1	Project Manager
snowak1	toster	1	Project Manager
krebas	totalcollector	1	All-Hands Person
albion	totalsecurity	1	 
mtirnanic	totaltext	1	 
billg	tourk	1	 
touzas	touzas	1	 
rillig	towers-of-hanoi	1	 
fsaenzperez	toy	1	 
arlm	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
autowitch	tpabbrevia	0	 
benoram	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
capeterson	tpabbrevia	1	Developer
chaoticpup	tpabbrevia	1	 
chomse	tpabbrevia	1	 
corneliusd	tpabbrevia	1	Developer
fredhuffman	tpabbrevia	1	 
jkaster	tpabbrevia	1	 
om-bill	tpabbrevia	1	 
ozmosys	tpabbrevia	1	 
pblarsen	tpabbrevia	1	 
ricola71	tpabbrevia	1	Developer
robertjlove	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
rohangreg	tpabbrevia	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpabbrevia	1	 
zunz	tpabbrevia	1	 
autowitch	tpapro	1	 
benoram	tpapro	1	 
chaoticpup	tpapro	1	 
chomse	tpapro	1	 
coyote65	tpapro	1	 
derbas	tpapro	1	Developer
donhill	tpapro	1	Developer
fredhuffman	tpapro	1	 
hdanzl	tpapro	1	 
kmorwood	tpapro	1	 
ozmosys	tpapro	1	 
pbreneman	tpapro	1	 
philippejbruno	tpapro	1	 
robertjlove	tpapro	1	 
robroberts	tpapro	1	Developer
sammy_c	tpapro	1	Developer
sboyd	tpapro	1	Developer
thorsten_engler	tpapro	1	 
tpsfadmin	tpapro	1	 
whosyrdaddy	tpapro	1	 
autowitch	tpaproclx	1	 
benoram	tpaproclx	1	 
chaoticpup	tpaproclx	1	 
chomse	tpaproclx	1	Developer
coyote65	tpaproclx	1	 
donhill	tpaproclx	1	Developer
hdanzl	tpaproclx	1	Developer
kmorwood	tpaproclx	1	Developer
ozmosys	tpaproclx	1	Developer
pbreneman	tpaproclx	1	 
philippejbruno	tpaproclx	1	Developer
robertjlove	tpaproclx	1	Tester
thorsten_engler	tpaproclx	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpaproclx	1	 
benoram	tpbtreefiler	1	 
chaoticpup	tpbtreefiler	1	 
robertjlove	tpbtreefiler	1	 
robroberts	tpbtreefiler	1	Project Manager
tpsfadmin	tpbtreefiler	1	 
andrewhollands	tpessence	0	 
autowitch	tpessence	0	 
benoram	tpessence	1	 
chaoticpup	tpessence	1	 
corneliusd	tpessence	1	Developer
donhill	tpessence	1	 
mlopezvrus	tpessence	1	Developer
robertjlove	tpessence	1	 
surehand	tpessence	1	 
tpsfadmin	tpessence	1	 
kostus2	tpfl	1	 
benoram	tpflashfiler	1	 
chaoticpup	tpflashfiler	1	 
chomse	tpflashfiler	1	 
ebakkest	tpflashfiler	1	 
hdanzl	tpflashfiler	1	 
om-bill	tpflashfiler	1	 
ozmosys	tpflashfiler	1	 
pblarsen	tpflashfiler	1	 
robertjlove	tpflashfiler	1	Developer
surehand	tpflashfiler	1	 
thorsten_engler	tpflashfiler	1	 
tpsfadmin	tpflashfiler	1	 
wyszkowski	tpflashfiler	1	 
autowitch	tpipro	0	 
beermandan	tpipro	0	Developer
benoram	tpipro	1	 
chaoticpup	tpipro	1	 
chomse	tpipro	1	 
donhill	tpipro	1	 
fredhuffman	tpipro	1	 
kmorwood	tpipro	1	 
mkaemmerer	tpipro	1	Developer
om-bill	tpipro	1	 
pblarsen	tpipro	1	 
pbreneman	tpipro	1	 
philippejbruno	tpipro	1	 
robertjlove	tpipro	1	 
surehand	tpipro	1	Project Manager
tpsfadmin	tpipro	1	 
autowitch	tplockbox	0	 
benoram	tplockbox	1	 
chaoticpup	tplockbox	1	 
chomse	tplockbox	1	 
corneliusd	tplockbox	1	Developer
eadiaz	tplockbox	1	Developer
fredhuffman	tplockbox	1	 
om-bill	tplockbox	1	 
ozmosys	tplockbox	1	 
paulfox	tplockbox	1	 
robertjlove	tplockbox	1	Project Manager
robroberts	tplockbox	1	Developer
thorsten_engler	tplockbox	1	 
tpsfadmin	tplockbox	1	 
benoram	tpofficepartner	1	 
chaoticpup	tpofficepartner	1	 
robertjlove	tpofficepartner	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpofficepartner	1	 
autowitch	tponguard	0	 
benoram	tponguard	1	 
chaoticpup	tponguard	1	 
corneliusd	tponguard	1	Developer
fredhuffman	tponguard	1	 
jgxenite	tponguard	1	Developer
kmorwood	tponguard	1	 
om-bill	tponguard	1	 
ozmosys	tponguard	1	 
robertjlove	tponguard	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tponguard	1	 
ahaines	tponguardclx	1	Project Manager
benoram	tpopro	1	 
tpsfadmin	tpopro	1	 
andrewdenton	tporpheus	0	 
autowitch	tporpheus	0	 
benoram	tporpheus	1	 
chaoticpup	tporpheus	1	 
coderwriter99	tporpheus	1	Developer
corneliusd	tporpheus	1	 
lholmgren	tporpheus	1	Developer
om-bill	tporpheus	1	 
ozmosys	tporpheus	1	 
pblanton	tporpheus	1	 
pblarsen	tporpheus	1	 
robertjlove	tporpheus	1	Developer
robroberts	tporpheus	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tporpheus	1	 
andrewhollands	tpshellshock	0	 
autowitch	tpshellshock	0	 
benoram	tpshellshock	1	 
chaoticpup	tpshellshock	1	 
corneliusd	tpshellshock	1	Developer
om-bill	tpshellshock	1	 
ozmosys	tpshellshock	1	 
robertjlove	tpshellshock	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpshellshock	1	 
autowitch	tpsrmgr	0	 
benoram	tpsrmgr	1	Developer
chaoticpup	tpsrmgr	1	 
coyote65	tpsrmgr	1	 
surehand	tpsrmgr	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpsrmgr	1	 
andrewhollands	tpsystools	0	 
autowitch	tpsystools	0	 
benoram	tpsystools	1	 
chaoticpup	tpsystools	1	 
chomse	tpsystools	1	 
corneliusd	tpsystools	1	Developer
fredhuffman	tpsystools	1	 
hdanzl	tpsystools	1	 
om-bill	tpsystools	1	 
ozmosys	tpsystools	1	 
robertjlove	tpsystools	1	 
robroberts	tpsystools	1	Developer
thorsten_engler	tpsystools	1	 
tpsfadmin	tpsystools	1	 
andrewhollands	tpsystoolskylix	0	 
benoram	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
chomse	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
fredhuffman	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
hdanzl	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
om-bill	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
ozmosys	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
robertjlove	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
robroberts	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
thorsten_engler	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
tpsfadmin	tpsystoolskylix	1	 
andrewdenton	tpvplanit	0	 
autowitch	tpvplanit	1	 
benoram	tpvplanit	1	 
chaoticpup	tpvplanit	1	 
cjuergens	tpvplanit	1	Developer
ebakkest	tpvplanit	1	 
hdanzl	tpvplanit	1	 
mogambo	tpvplanit	1	 
ozmosys	tpvplanit	1	 
pblanton	tpvplanit	1	 
robertjlove	tpvplanit	1	 
sjordi	tpvplanit	1	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpvplanit	1	 
voxik	tpvplanit	1	Developer
lholmgren	tpxmlpartner	0	Project Manager
richardlight	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpxmlpartner	1	Unix Admin
vrecion	tpxmlpartner	1	Developer
tieuquynhi	tqn	1	 
igorzolnikov	trac-netbeans	1	 
nihilisticz	trac2jira	1	 
m3t30r1c	tracelog	1	All-Hands Person
hiro_hiro	tracide	1	 
beepee357	tractim	1	 
jengelhart	transactionkit	1	 
mstefek	transedit	1	 
ariya	transgl	1	 
wstokes	transgl	1	Developer
arvindgopal	translet	0	Developer
fullertonguy	translet	0	 
mkarthikeyan	translet	1	 
sujk	translet	1	Developer
sunil_kosalge	translet	1	Developer
fuzzyfrog	transmogrify	1	 
jpnp	transmogrify	1	Developer
lsusatyo	transmogrify	1	 
pmgremo	transmogrify	1	 
smileyy	transmogrify	1	Project Manager
giokarka	transumanza	1	 
yayo75	trashy	1	 
emb	treecomp	1	Project Manager
iherwig	treecomp	1	Developer
groffj	treepool	1	 
tals	treexml	1	Project Manager
dgasaway	tregstore	1	 
belmond	tresframework	1	 
daimon_hall	triassic	1	Support Manager
dudeofx	triassic	1	Developer
pda	triassic	1	Developer
spartan5	triassic	1	Project Manager
the_moon	triassic	1	Developer
xentac	triassic	1	Developer
abhi_milestone	tric	1	 
arguile_althor	trilldev	0	Developer
azhrarnlod	trilldev	1	Project Manager
dreadnoughtgav	trilldev	1	Graphic/Other Designer
nathanhart	trilldev	1	Developer
nemesis2	trilldev	1	All-Hands Person
rf_hunter	trilldev	1	Developer
tometheus	trilldev	1	Developer
vacuum	trilldev	1	Developer
geromueller	trimeshloader	1	Project Manager
bluedavy	triones	1	Project Manager
brokendoor	triones	1	 
fangl	triones	1	Developer
bokowski	tritos	1	 
frankgerhardt	tritos	1	 
mvmsoft	tritos	1	Developer
klaufer	triveni	1	 
wsjradha	triveni	1	Developer
mlamb	trivialpersist	1	 
prafulla_t	trixul	0	Developer
slogan621	trixul	1	 
guyg42	trmi	1	 
cafxx	trng	1	 
bog2731	trogh	1	 
e-poison	trotter-cvt	1	 
e-poison	trotter-dom	1	 
ericdf	trove4j	1	 
gann	trove4j	1	Developer
robeden	trove4j	1	Developer
gursoybu	trperl	1	 
cschlichtherle	truevfs	1	 
cschlichtherle	truezip	1	 
lhduc	truonganh	1	 
jacobdp	trvm	1	Project Manager
logosys	trvm	1	Developer
saachi	trvm	1	Developer
friseb123	tsauto	1	 
eokk	tsguwm	1	 
pats536	tsguwm	1	 
mourngrym1969	tsmgr	1	 
timeslicer	tsqueue	1	 
viewpl	tstl2cl	1	 
gjj	tsunamic	1	 
andlu	tte	1	 
csnell	ttftp	0	Developer
davidv	ttftp	0	All-Hands Person
wilko	ttftp	1	All-Hands Person
vasiljevic	ttrace	1	 
qinghu	ttsfirefoxext	1	 
castano	tu-testbed	0	Developer
crazyjul	tu-testbed	0	Developer
rsavoye	tu-testbed	0	Developer
shaver	tu-testbed	0	Developer
tbp	tu-testbed	0	Developer
tulrich	tu-testbed	1	Project Manager
vitaly-a	tu-testbed	1	Developer
wkokke	tu-testbed	1	Developer
schveiguy	tucs	1	 
fbos	tuplespace	1	 
dtranche	turbopad	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
mattwat	turbopad	1	Project Manager
ircturk	turkdrop	1	 
stonkeep	turkdrop	1	Project Manager
apparicio	turtlesport	1	 
tutorialcms	tutorialcms	1	 
albert-thuis	tutti	0	Developer
erwinn	tutti	1	 
arn00	tuxexploftp	1	 
opetzold	tvmet	1	Project Manager
apnadkarni	twapi	1	All-Hands Person
twbsd	twbsdbug	1	 
sventantau	twe	1	 
hallvar	twebs	1	 
jmenard	twice	1	 
j_armstrong	twice	1	All-Hands Person
ehjansson	twineproject	1	 
sonnyblack	twipse	1	 
vamp201	twist	1	 
kurtie	twostep	1	Project Manager
manelka	twostep	1	Developer
minkiux	tx-engine	1	Project Manager
chgerkens	tx4j	1	Project Manager
sadi_melbouci	txconnect	1	Project Manager
bpdxstaff	txmlini	0	Developer
kerrid	txmlini	0	Developer
marcin_ktos	txmlini	1	Project Manager
thazel	txobject	1	Project Manager
daniel-gouveia	txt2tags-editor	1	Unix Admin
eduardorotta	txt2tags-editor	1	 
ramiroluz	txt2tags-editor	1	Developer
martin3	txt2xml	1	Unix Admin
smeyfroi	txt2xml	1	 
sourceclint	txt2xml	1	Developer
vrusu	txt2xml	1	Project Manager
eroosa	txtools	1	 
dumky	typekeydotnet	1	 
lpnotfr	typelib	1	 
jburdick	typo	1	 
tilly_2	u-toolz	1	 
jlaangry	u3apps	1	 
u6k	u6k-incubator	1	 
clansfor	uacm	0	Developer
scott_schrecken	uacm	1	Project Manager
dragontunguk	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
duncan	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
ivan_r_moore	uberunit	1	 
andyhubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Developer
neilwubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Project Manager
ubmatrix-xbrl	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	 
dl748	ubuilder	1	 
cxbest	uced	0	 
dnair	uced	0	Developer
firefly07	uced	0	Developer
mohamedmansour	uced	0	 
ssteph	uced	1	 
cyclonurb	uceditor	1	 
dokterx	uceditor	1	 
iainmcgin	uceditor	1	Project Manager
jay_clark	uceditor	1	Developer
jerome-x	uceditor	1	 
christianhjw	uci	1	Developer
cookieman_k	uci	1	Developer
foogod	uci	1	Project Manager
suiryc	uci	1	Developer
damyot	ucmexporter	0	 
jamel_hassine	ucmexporter	0	 
shleh	ucmexporter	1	 
dyfet	ucommon	1	 
dbjh	ucon64	1	Developer
johndie	ucon64	1	Developer
jwjw	ucon64	1	Developer
noisyb	ucon64	1	Developer
trgse	ucon64	1	Developer
gabriel_bornia	ucpapyrus	1	 
rottmann	ucxx	1	 
chamibang	uddp	0	Developer
pondu	uddp	1	 
pdovydaitis	udengine	1	 
kckrinke	udpm	1	Project Manager
digitalart	udsl	1	 
brunorezende	uemr	1	Project Manager
carlosmurray	uemr	1	Project Manager
eaugsten	uemr	1	Project Manager
mbax	uemr	1	 
kevinrosenberg	uffi	1	 
ferraro	ufsc	1	Project Manager
cptfuture	ugt	1	 
uhfadmin	uhf-project	1	 
paralizer	uhook	1	 
conjurer	uidk	1	 
chrriis	uihierarchy	1	 
peastman	uikit	1	 
jo_vermeulen	uimldotnet	0	Developer
kluyten	uimldotnet	1	 
takis	uimldotnet	1	Developer
axis3x3	uireview	1	 
ruixing123	uldod	1	 
rhallier	ultim	1	Project Manager
wsonic	ultim	1	Developer
ajs84	ultrazig	1	 
exophase	ultrazig	1	Developer
macgyver014	ultrazig	1	Project Manager
halo09	uma	1	Project Manager
rampart	uma	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jsheets	umber	1	 
omee	umbertoo	1	 
feod	umds	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ilgizar	umds	1	Project Manager
lomark	umds	1	No specific role
mandry	umds	1	Project Manager
zhjwp	umemory	1	 
donnie_darko	uml	1	Developer
gis	uml	1	Developer
gmadrigal	uml	1	Developer
jkrueger1	uml	1	Developer
jriddell	uml	1	Project Manager
lparrab	uml	1	Developer
okellogg	uml	1	 
paza	uml	1	Developer
phensgen	uml	1	 
sharanrao	uml	1	 
wturkal	uml	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
nrivard	uml-xchange	1	 
acsacs	uml4j	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
caique	uml4j	0	Requirements Engineering
cristianivilela	uml4j	0	Developer
fernandolerner	uml4j	1	Project Manager
galttar	uml4j	1	Project Manager
marconidias	uml4j	1	Developer
massayoshi	uml4j	1	Developer
mecva	uml4j	1	Project Manager
sandroj	uml4j	1	Developer
yorevs	uml4j	1	Developer
icurafu	umlaide	1	 
pvlasov	umlapi	1	 
friza	umldot	0	Developer
happytewf	umldot	0	Developer
isa1	umldot	0	Developer
javababa	umldot	0	Developer
jhenyal	umldot	1	Project Manager
bplasmeijer	umlsculptor	0	Developer
dgmg	umlsculptor	0	Developer
djolic	umlsculptor	0	Project Manager
guiremach	umlsculptor	0	Developer
gunner	umlsculptor	1	Project Manager
klhurley	umlsculptor	1	Developer
lemo	umlsculptor	1	All-Hands Person
muralimahesh	umlsculptor	1	Developer
nmurar01	umlsculptor	1	 
rgsmith	umlsculptor	1	 
rsendhil	umlsculptor	1	Developer
scoobie1	umlsculptor	1	Developer
wizatt	umlsculptor	1	 
irenelo	umlvm	0	 
kindshit	umlvm	0	 
lsomchai	umlvm	0	Developer
weerasak	umlvm	1	 
loic	unac	1	 
davewraight	uncleunc	0	Developer
ulunum	uncleunc	1	Project Manager
elmuerte	uncodex	1	Developer
bakusf	underscormalloc	1	 
chousz	undigester	1	 
cupertinomir	unidapt	0	Developer
gfursin	unidapt	1	 
sebpop	unidapt	1	 
ma_reklov	unidbl	1	 
alexis_wilke	unigw	1	 
dooglio2	unigw	1	Developer
vetalix	unihighlighter	1	 
hoehrmann	uninorm	1	 
porton	uniparser	1	 
legolas558	uniportio	1	All-Hands Person
dcook32p	unisef	1	 
ishai	unitee	1	Unix Admin
odedblayer	unitee	1	Developer
guru_greg	unitest	1	No specific role
techentin	units	1	Project Manager
someonesdad	unitscpp	1	 
jonshute	unittest	1	 
steveconlan	unittest	1	Developer
mrbbc	univerc	1	All-Hands Person
sachinspc1	univerc	1	Developer
bonk1138	unixnet	1	Project Manager
unmecenor	unmecenor	1	 
cavalier	unpaste	1	 
hiebel	unpic	0	Developer
rudnai	unpic	1	Project Manager
velco	unwind	1	 
matrix--	unwritten	1	 
trudslev	uoaid	1	Project Manager
aldettmer	uopl	0	 
bsstmiller	uopl	1	Project Manager
dlandi	uopl	1	Developer
elitedev	uopl	1	 
gwardell	uopl	1	Developer
laotze	uopl	1	Doc Writer
martijntonies	uopl	1	Developer
oro06	uopl	1	 
tnt9062	updater	1	 
amrein	upp	0	No specific role
andrei-catalin	upp	0	Developer
aris002	upp	0	Support Manager
bytefield	upp	0	Developer
ebo	upp	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
fallingdutch	upp	0	Developer
fidler	upp	1	 
freetogo	upp	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
hojtsy	upp	1	Web Designer
jancasper	upp	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
masu08	upp	1	 
mdelfede	upp	1	 
mrjtuk	upp	1	Developer
ped7g	upp	1	Developer
rylek	upp	1	Developer
unodgs	upp	1	Developer
xmaldororx	upp	1	Developer
dbush01	uptimenotifier	1	Project Manager
tessein	uptimenotifier	1	 
toanthrax	upxer	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
yetifoot	upxer	1	Project Manager
diilbert	upxgui	0	Developer
lowjoel	upxgui	1	Project Manager
dadutchman	urisyntaxcheck	1	 
datawhore	urivalidator	1	 
dkcm	urlbuilder	1	 
ivarch	urqm	1	 
e_the_sad	urt	1	 
bthomxs1	usaone-document	1	 
keidel	usarena	1	 
vii	usb-robot	1	 
abergler	usbindicator	1	 
scaps_	uscd	1	 
lpezet	usecase	1	 
romaicus	usecase	1	Analysis / Design
seokjin	usemodj	1	 
paulrene	usemon	1	 
fellipeh	usercontrolpro	1	 
pettys	userstorynet	1	Project Manager
reyes	ustring	1	 
kchaddha	utctrackingtool	0	Developer
sakiv	utctrackingtool	1	Project Manager
emacla	utd	1	 
uppal_s	uthread	1	 
kidchaos2k6	uthreed	1	 
lpnotfr	utilmm	1	 
rich_sposato	utilparsers	1	Project Manager
vaultedceilings	utils-php	1	 
condordes	utk	1	 
yevgenys	utm	1	 
peterbraswell	utopx	1	 
aanassar	utplsql	0	Developer
actiecon	utplsql	0	Developer
adinath_kamode	utplsql	0	Developer
antmo	utplsql	0	Developer
arun_bel	utplsql	0	 
ashish_77	utplsql	0	Developer
biadev	utplsql	0	Developer
billp	utplsql	0	 
bpoliako	utplsql	0	Developer
chrisrimmer	utplsql	0	Developer
cleveridea	utplsql	0	 
cmarac	utplsql	0	Developer
dev_nv	utplsql	0	Developer
dhurley	utplsql	0	 
dverrett	utplsql	0	Developer
ettukali	utplsql	0	Developer
gjjansen	utplsql	0	Developer
hplusplus	utplsql	0	Developer
jhofmann	utplsql	0	Developer
kamal_k_joshi	utplsql	0	Developer
kiates	utplsql	0	Developer
mvilrokx	utplsql	0	Developer
nataciakim	utplsql	0	Developer
nnan	utplsql	0	Developer
patch72	utplsql	1	Developer
pbarnes7	utplsql	1	Developer
pestacio	utplsql	1	Developer
plsqlguy	utplsql	1	 
ramyaganti	utplsql	1	Developer
remcogoris	utplsql	1	Developer
rpirvu	utplsql	1	Developer
rpramod	utplsql	1	Developer
srinim	utplsql	1	Developer
studious	utplsql	1	Developer
s_feuerstein	utplsql	1	 
tbcox23	utplsql	1	Developer
thalanki_naveen	utplsql	1	 
venky11	utplsql	1	Developer
wtoddl	utplsql	1	 
lubin	uvc	1	 
xiaohong	uvc	1	Developer
liton	uvfseditor	1	Project Manager
moinul	uvfseditor	1	Developer
urooj	uwin	1	 
a1kmm	uxfc	1	 
adb2001	uxlib	1	 
ianculling	v1-vs-addin	1	 
nd98powell	v1-vs-addin	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pmamut	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
raj1v	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
v1_dhanson	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
v1_pjb	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
glennmaughan	v2d	1	 
ikingifl	v2d	1	Doc Writer
julian_deville	v2d	1	Doc Writer
peter7723	v2d	1	Doc Writer
ddewalle	v5-ga-core	1	 
ddewalle	v5-greenauks	1	 
ddewalle	v5-xscore	1	 
zoltarx	vaco	1	 
charlysworld	vainstall	0	Developer
deniger	vainstall	1	Developer
desnoix	vainstall	1	Project Manager
drepasky	vainstall	1	Developer
the-guru	vainstall	1	Developer
vonarnim	vainstall	1	Developer
westbay	vainstall	1	Developer
otif11	vairux-ego	0	Developer
vairux	vairux-ego	1	 
bpruessmann	vajindent	1	Developer
kerbtier	vakum	1	Developer
marcelosaraujo	validate-ptbr	1	 
wizardjagon	validator	1	 
biovenger	valkyrias	1	 
robbn	valtoolkit	1	 
elektryczny	valuablesoft	1	 
azachar	valuelist	1	Developer
mlavwilson	valuelist	1	Project Manager
mzachar	valuelist	1	Developer
sonart	valuelist	1	Developer
timbob1803	valuelist	1	Project Manager
hptraub	values4j	1	 
bsslab	vamnet	1	 
adenegri	vaniglia	0	Developer
mariachiara	vaniglia	0	Developer
mikyaiello	vaniglia	1	Project Manager
patrizio_munzi	vaniglia	1	Developer
santonelli	vaniglia	1	Developer
whiteshampoo	var-save	1	All-Hands Person
simeonzv	varhigh	1	 
linvald	variableeditor	1	 
quixoticraindrp	vartrack	1	 
markus_palme	vb-doc	1	Project Manager
jorgens	vb-lite-unit	1	 
rharwood	vbaunit	1	 
killian35	vbcorlib	1	 
tchester	vbdoc	1	Developer
vuud	vbdoc	1	Project Manager
guypes	vbisam	0	Developer
johann_v_n	vbisam	0	Developer
miscellone	vbisam	0	Developer
simrw	vbisam	0	 
trev_vb	vbisam	1	Developer
zbenjamin	vbisam	1	Developer
ghelman	vblib	1	 
guilhermebf	vblib	1	 
sbvb	vblib	1	Project Manager
killian35	vbmock	1	 
crazycomputers	vbperl	1	 
greenreaper	vbtablet	1	Developer
languard	vbtablet	1	Developer
taboozizi	vbunitfree	1	 
aquanight	vbwinapi	1	Developer
foquendo	vbxtender	1	Project Manager
duponchel	vcard4j	1	Project Manager
ablueeyedmonkey	vcf	0	Developer
augusto_roman	vcf	0	Developer
chriskr	vcf	0	Developer
ddiego	vcf	1	Project Manager
emonjay	vcf	1	Doc Writer
greertr	vcf	1	Developer
iamfraggle	vcf	1	Developer
jabelardo	vcf	1	Developer
jerryevans	vcf	1	Developer
kdmix	vcf	1	Developer
kiklop74	vcf	1	Developer
marcelloptr	vcf	1	Developer
marcweber	vcf	1	Developer
mazurs	vcf	1	Developer
mostuff	vcf	1	Developer
mrtweakin	vcf	1	Developer
obirsoy	vcf	1	Developer
pallindo	vcf	1	Developer
pilsby	vcf	1	Developer
scottpearson	vcf	1	Developer
thomasn	vcf	1	Developer
thrysoee	vcf	1	Developer
vortic	vcf	1	Developer
ywang225	vcf	1	Developer
alex_o	vcl4php-db	1	 
cyq	vcme	1	 
firewing	vcon	1	 
vcorp	vcorplcd	1	 
sro	vcpp-mode	1	 
rshortt	vdrpylib	1	 
betajin	vea	1	 
heathm	velcro	1	Project Manager
youngm	velcro	1	Developer
tjuerge	veloedit	1	 
farnulfo	velogui	1	 
sirshane	venom	1	 
ginstrom	venster	0	Developer
h_punt	venster	1	 
mstarzyk	venster	1	 
theller	venster	1	Developer
vitriolix	venster	1	Developer
pne	verdurian	1	Project Manager
febret	vertigo-fwork	1	 
ducope	vess	0	Developer
gmartin	vess	1	Project Manager
lyceel	vess	1	Developer
deadf00d	vesuf	1	Project Manager
zthree	vesuf	1	Project Manager
ict123	vfreeproject	0	Developer
jserrano-neo	vfreeproject	1	 
ofsantana	vfreeproject	1	Developer
kurifu	vfsmgr	1	 
cmelendez	vhhd	1	 
vibe3d	vibe-engine	1	 
denisvolkov	vic-eshop	1	Project Manager
binhanson	vietpali	1	Developer
harryj	vietpali	1	Developer
hocngo	vietpali	1	 
tubinhtran	vietpali	1	Developer
hocngo	vietstd	1	Developer
phuochung	vietstd	1	 
brihall	viewklass	0	Developer
hotjo	viewklass	0	Developer
jostle	viewklass	1	Developer
shane_day	viewstatemgr	1	Project Manager
festerwim	vigilog	1	 
maartenbosteels	vigilog	1	Developer
jlentini	vile	1	 
randy_smith	vile	1	Developer
sjs2	vile	1	Project Manager
vmo	vile	1	Project Manager
jacv87	villagl	1	 
ankhcraft	vim4j	1	 
fhitzel	vimms	1	Developer
jlarkin	vimrails	1	 
carueda	vine	0	Developer
luisbermudez	vine	1	Project Manager
smwatson	vine	1	Developer
bourdenas	vine-engine	1	 
hakanj	viperide	1	Developer
strogge	viperide	1	 
bdtraj	vipsi	0	Developer
darisala	vipsi	0	Developer
haberrecker	vipsi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
kio1	vipsi	1	Project Manager
marcelouy	virtdesk	1	All-Hands Person
ahmedcevizci	virtualdataexp	1	Project Manager
terrorix	virtualdbgrid	1	 
danbrown	virtualfile	1	 
rtalbutt	virtualfile	1	 
axel50397	virtualinfo	1	 
hotcakesnz	virtualproject	1	Developer
fdeweerdt	visages	1	 
olivier_pt	visages	1	 
spoonless	visages	1	 
flyfishr64	visemacs	1	Project Manager
tracerbu11et	visemacs	1	Developer
goffioul	visual-octave	0	Developer
heiko_hofer	visual-octave	1	 
elm_we	visualmb	0	Developer
micb	visualmb	1	Developer
bekas	visualogrecore	0	Developer
bjj1478	visualogrecore	1	Developer
cculver	visualogrecore	1	Developer
pjcast	visualogrecore	1	 
deepadatta	visualsai	0	Developer
flashk	visualsai	0	Developer
fusionex	visualsai	0	Project Manager
rbfrenchy	visualsai	1	Project Manager
shradhas	visualsai	1	Developer
xnannox	visualsai	1	Developer
artee	visualsynapse	1	 
xstarter	visualsynapse	1	Developer
gesha	visualtelephony	0	Support Manager
olegsopilnyak	visualtelephony	1	Project Manager
enzyme_x	vitrax	1	 
anunakin	vivaphp	1	Project Manager
harvok	vivaphp	1	 
overond	vivaphp	1	 
smpaul	vivs	1	 
ivaradi	vju	1	 
bollig	vlab	1	Developer
dasil014	vlab	1	Developer
dkigelman	vlab	1	Project Manager
dudekid	vlab	1	Developer
erlebach	vlab	1	Developer
gestas	vlab	1	Developer
jens0660	vlab	1	Developer
labadie-07_11	vlab	1	Developer
marpierc	vlab	1	Developer
mbroten	vlab	1	Developer
mdl_kid	vlab	1	Project Manager
mhicaube	vlab	1	Developer
mnacar	vlab	1	Developer
sallstra	vlab	1	Developer
sangmi	vlab	1	 
scastill	vlab	1	Developer
u43snd7	vlab	1	Developer
yenanqu	vlab	1	Developer
clausvb	vlib	1	Developer
releasedj	vlib	1	Project Manager
markpearse	vlx	0	Developer
steinman	vlx	0	 
vlx	vlx	1	 
waynewolfe	vlx	1	 
xiaoxie	vmformatter	1	 
laurent-richard	vmime	0	Developer
structor	vmime	0	Developer
vincent-richard	vmime	1	Project Manager
nerdnetwork	vnsc	1	Project Manager
natibro	vntraffic	1	 
limcheekin	vobject	1	Project Manager
heuermh	vocabulary	1	 
alain_desilets	voicecode	1	Project Manager
alex_ramos	voicecode	1	Developer
bjaspan	voicecode	1	Developer
cmasuoka	voicecode	1	Developer
david_jeschke	voicecode	1	Developer
dcfox	voicecode	1	Developer
esjatharvee	voicecode	1	Developer
hans_van_dam	voicecode	1	Developer
jboner	voicecode	1	 
jnacios	voicecode	1	Developer
joelgould	voicecode	1	Developer
jonathanepstein	voicecode	1	Developer
mhorie	voicecode	1	Developer
patriciahawkins	voicecode	1	Developer
pgorrow	voicecode	1	Developer
pm215	voicecode	1	Developer
pmilliken	voicecode	1	Developer
quintijn	voicecode	1	Developer
rickgehrs	voicecode	1	Developer
rsicoder	voicecode	1	Developer
shay_matasaro	voicecode	1	Developer
stunorton	voicecode	1	Developer
wiegerwesselink	voicecode	1	Developer
pgarcia	voicerlib	1	 
psychogenic	voicexmlclient	1	 
christophercook	voji	0	Tester
mmt	voji	0	Developer
vog	voji	1	Developer
afpineda	volumemanager	1	 
bge	voodoo	1	 
luugi	voodoo	1	 
mesterumanole	voxbone-client	0	Developer
vmorsiani	voxbone-client	1	Project Manager
vperera	voxbone-client	1	Developer
kmaclean2006	voxforge	1	 
niunio	voxrend	1	 
bggraves4000	vprog	1	 
gmt2001	vprog	1	All-Hands Person
bgbarcus	vptk	0	 
johnallen	vptk	1	 
kavyboy	vptk	1	 
artaza	vqt	1	 
skapare	vrb	1	 
allenb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
aronb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
browner10	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
carolina	vrjtoolbox	1	Project Manager
dkabala	vrjtoolbox	1	Project Manager
dshipton	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
jahare	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
nonchocoboy	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
pallindo	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
patrickh	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
allenb	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
aronb	vrjuggler	1	Developer
carolina	vrjuggler	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dkabala	vrjuggler	1	Developer
dshipton	vrjuggler	1	Developer
pallindo	vrjuggler	1	Developer
patrickh	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
aloeffler	vrvis	1	 
mkprog	vsbugtrackernet	1	 
mwi2825	vsbugtrackernet	1	 
solvix	vsbugtrackernet	1	Developer
tom_menzel	vshelpers	1	 
shadowinteger	vsipc	1	 
jgehtland	vsnunit	1	 
lenine	vsra	1	 
catamaran	vtags	1	 
bcassand	vtclcheck	1	Project Manager
vitaut	vtemm	1	 
xpxqx	vtkcontainers	1	 
xpxqx	vtkextensions	1	 
xpxqx	vtkfltk	1	Project Manager
vng1	vtnprevayler	1	 
dezipaitor	vtools	1	 
dudeofx	vtoswaba	1	Developer
mabuka	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
pda	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
spartan5	vtoswaba	1	 
xengren	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
xentac	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
jensoncox	vxdevelopsuit	1	 
ssddn	vxdevelopsuit	1	Developer
damelang	vxglib	1	Developer
maarten4	vxglib	1	Developer
tetralith	vxglib	1	Developer
black_arrow	vxlib	1	 
samuel_heim	w-a-l	1	 
ultracat	w-windows	1	 
ymchoi	w-windows	1	 
tom191gmx	w32-perlexe-env	1	Developer
soar	w3replib	1	 
jplr	waba-for-dos	1	 
croland	wabadatabase	1	 
dmarcher	wabadma	1	 
gruban	wabajump	1	Project Manager
kedge	wabajump	1	Project Manager
rmontrose	wabajump	1	Developer
robnielsen	wabajump	1	Developer
scytacki	wabajump	1	Developer
wbrandes	wabajump	1	Developer
jappo	wabclient	1	Project Manager
cruise8	waf	1	 
hinnerup	waf	1	 
aeden	wafer	1	Project Manager
dionalmaer	wafer	1	Developer
dkfn	wafer	1	Developer
epesh	wafer	1	 
hship	wafer	1	Developer
krist30	wafer	1	Project Manager
paton	wafer	1	Developer
samijarvensivu	wafer	1	 
timp	wafer	1	Developer
twh270	wafer	1	Developer
timfulmer	wagaef	1	 
candera	wangdera	1	All-Hands Person
alruiz15	wanghy	1	Developer
paticubita	wanghy	1	Developer
chernyshevsky	wapache	1	Developer
splitsecond	wapache	1	Developer
pmaupin	warbler	1	 
stef686	warmouth	1	 
kurt_olsen	warserver	1	Developer
czubin	watchloader	1	Project Manager
brunns	watsup	1	Developer
drtimguru	watsup	1	 
boytjie	wavelet	0	Developer
harin	wavelet	0	Developer
herbert	wavelet	1	 
naseer25	wavelet	1	 
olivier_moises	wazaabi	1	 
scalp59	wazaabi	1	 
hansjhaase	wbhelpproject	1	 
mikesxf	wbhelpproject	1	Developer
suf	wbxml-net	1	 
mloskot	wcelibcex	1	Project Manager
sdunand	wcelibcex	1	Developer
parsley72	wcetools	1	 
jibz	wcrt	1	Developer
aashishpatil	wdkeclipseplug	1	Developer
emcdevprog	wdkeclipseplug	1	 
mccollough	wdkeclipseplug	1	Developer
thef0x	wdkeclipseplug	1	Developer
slackwar	wearucam	1	 
octograve	weatherlib	1	 
rrfuzzy	weathernow	1	 
pwh	weaver	1	Project Manager
claritza-abreu	web-its	0	Developer
dfayerma	web-its	1	Project Manager
jmhonor	web-its	1	Developer
sgoryachev	web-its	1	Developer
gary_kephart	webantrunner	1	 
bantychick	webapp	1	 
q-webapp	webapp	1	Content Management
yourgod	webapp	1	 
d0ubl3_h3lix	webappsecmovies	1	 
ken_vermette	webcomman	1	 
seeplusplus	webcpp	1	 
codec_zer0	webde	1	 
disks86	webdevdotnet	1	 
varsted	webdialog	1	 
netiquette	webelements	1	 
rebach	webelements	1	No specific role
kwiateek	webengine	1	All-Hands Person
nattygur	webfarmsession	1	 
antocuni	webformkit	1	 
martensss	webformprocesso	1	 
mahop-haus	webgi2007	1	 
vanug	webise	0	Developer
why	webise	1	 
verdesci	webleaf	1	 
killerhg	weblibforphp	1	 
treebhoph	weblibraries	1	Project Manager
cvestol	webmacroeditor	1	 
sensla	webmacroeditor	1	Developer
mssulik	webonswing	0	Developer
paton	webonswing	1	 
r_bajales	webonswing	1	Developer
markmmullin	webpagescraper	1	Project Manager
tanus	webpanels	1	 
brokendoor	webpm	1	Project Manager
cpl	webpython	1	 
andre_hoekzema	webserviceedu	1	Developer
curlyx	webserviceedu	1	Tester
fred_a99	webserviceedu	1	Developer
gunduz	webserviceedu	1	Developer
hansvandrunen	webserviceedu	1	Project Manager
prottier	webserviceedu	1	Developer
heavywizard	webservices	1	Developer
mccool2880	webservices	1	Developer
petermichael85	webservices	1	Developer
rafabillor	webservices	1	Web Designer
tiusender	webservices	1	Analysis / Design
zamapunk	webservices	1	Web Designer
foolnet	websharp	0	Project Manager
nhl_dotnet	websharp	1	Project Manager
sunny_y_m	websharp	1	 
netaman	websignoff	1	Developer
sporco	websignoff	1	Web Designer
viet	websignoff	1	Project Manager
websoftcomp	websoftcomp	1	 
lucasjames	webstatsdotnet	1	 
sushanth	webstore-app	1	 
sflexus	webstyler	1	 
flecou	webtester	0	Tester
groff	webtester	1	Project Manager
qakid	webtester	1	Tester
rdbrinkhurst	webtester	1	Doc Writer
tweak187	webtester	1	Web Designer
uselesspython	webtester	1	Web Designer
fassisrosa	webtst	1	 
luisspranger	webumleditor	1	Project Manager
purcell	webunit	1	 
democritus	webunitproj	0	Developer
dgan	webunitproj	1	Project Manager
eosterm	webunitproj	1	Developer
franzachermann	webunitproj	1	Developer
kathyyabroudy	webunitproj	1	Developer
blainekendall	webwalker	1	 
myjsh	webwiki	1	Developer
srohatgi	webwiki	1	 
baldree	webwork	1	Project Manager
rickardoberg	webwork	1	Project Manager
cesschneider	webworks	1	 
hgottfried	webx	0	Developer
leonchiver	webx	1	 
webxprogramer	webx	1	 
cartman	webzap	1	 
hellofsteel	webzap	1	Developer
elbrunito	webzip	1	Project Manager
hackou	webzip	1	Developer
softtechee	webzip	1	Developer
namcap	wedes	1	 
jhereth	weeje	1	Tester
plueschix	weeje	1	 
owenphelan	weeks	1	 
alexsilv	wefts	0	Developer
dgp85	wefts	0	Developer
jonnymind	wefts	1	 
sburke	wefts	1	Developer
o_rossmueller	welofunc	1	 
hibrido	welvs	1	 
werken	werken-opt	1	 
jstrachan	werken-xpath	0	Developer
werken	werken-xpath	1	Project Manager
bauhardt	weta	0	Developer
bissi	weta	0	Developer
h2g	weta	0	 
joa23	weta	1	Developer
mascha1	weta	1	Project Manager
n8chtschwaermer	weta	1	Developer
wetacvs	weta	1	Developer
yavarin	weta	1	Developer
sfpbo	wexpand	1	 
chudikm	wf-twister	0	Developer
docouto	wf-twister	0	Developer
mriou	wf-twister	1	Developer
norsch	wf-twister	1	Developer
pyplia	wf-twister	1	Developer
derekberube	wfaforars	1	Project Manager
drcweidauer	wfmopen	0	Support Technician
drmlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
mlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
rmontag	wfmopen	1	Developer
schnelle	wfmopen	1	Developer
malbari	wfnm	1	Developer
mysterycoder	wgengine	1	 
pjcast	wgengine	1	 
grendizerufo	wgfdirectx	1	 
gtokas	wgfdirectx	1	Developer
cdsnyder	wgois	0	Developer
cyberloon	wgois	0	Developer
kuranes	wgois	0	Developer
mysterycoder	wgois	0	Developer
oistooldev	wgois	0	Developer
pjcast	wgois	1	 
raicuandi	wgois	1	Developer
rzr	wgois	1	Developer
sinbad	wgois	1	 
swiftcoder	wgois	1	Developer
thejustinwalsh	wgois	1	Developer
pennekamp	whereis	1	Developer
udoborkowski	whereis	1	 
vrkiran	whimbrel	1	Project Manager
agrosam	whisper2	0	Developer
chrispage	whisper2	0	Developer
davepolaschek	whisper2	0	Developer
jbx	whisper2	0	Developer
jesjones	whisper2	1	Developer
mclow	whisper2	1	Developer
meeroh	whisper2	1	Developer
psnively	whisper2	1	Developer
rentzsch	whisper2	1	Developer
seagraves	whisper2	1	Developer
tasdev	whisper2	1	Developer
mrdyg	whisper3	1	Project Manager
wynder	whisper3	1	Developer
dominiknew	white-cliffs	1	 
buge	whitespaceide	1	 
guru_d	whitespaceide	1	Developer
artemk	wholetrack	1	 
viscix	whuffie	1	 
chenai	why	0	Developer
grahambrooks	why	1	 
tomczarniecki	why	1	Developer
adouma	wicket	0	Developer
almaw	wicket	1	Developer
billen	wicket	1	Developer
dashorst	wicket	1	Content Management
eelco12	wicket	1	Developer
gwynevans	wicket	1	Content Management
ivaynberg	wicket	1	Developer
jannehietamaki	wicket	1	Developer
jan_blok	wicket	1	Developer
jdonnerstag	wicket	1	Developer
joco01	wicket	1	Developer
jonathanlocke	wicket	1	Developer
knopp	wicket	1	Developer
skipoles	wicket	1	Developer
gotow_sf	widestudio	1	Developer
hirabays	widestudio	1	Developer
tamaki	widestudio	1	Tester
yppflakrymzk	widestudio	1	Developer
scarroll	widgedit	1	 
dvdw	widgetserver	1	 
chgu	wii-linux	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fintler	wii-linux	1	 
gauravps	wii-linux	1	No specific role
nsillik	wii-linux	1	All-Hands Person
davidpean	wikiauserprofil	1	 
jkessler523	wikiautolinker	1	 
develyoy	wikiengine	1	Project Manager
sansei	wikiflashplugin	1	Project Manager
thoraxdk	wikiflashplugin	1	Developer
jordanirwin	wikingine	1	 
jkessler523	wikiwordimport	1	 
ora	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
theran	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
wilbur-website	wilbur-rdf	1	 
bruder	wildweb	1	Project Manager
pfred	wildweb	1	Developer
jerdenn	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
wilsondotnet	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
mspgroup	win-platform	1	 
hhokawa	win32apiexe	1	 
solarangel	win32apilib	1	 
vksharma	win32cpp	1	 
bitsmaker	win32gui	0	Developer
dremon	win32gui	0	Developer
jtorjo	win32gui	1	Project Manager
loqui	win32net	1	 
indeyets	win32objc	0	All-Hands Person
viglius	win32objc	1	 
rgerhards	win32uxlib	1	 
brentoboy	winape-includes	1	 
schaps	winapidotnet	1	 
arkhee	winapivbclass	1	 
maik1481	winautorun	1	 
bazis	winavrloader	1	Unix Admin
amadisoft	winblocker1free	1	 
ssalgado	winco	1	All-Hands Person
c_hannibal	windev-stock	1	Developer
windev	windev-stock	1	Project Manager
salazaar_user	windunitsconver	1	 
highway	winfessor-test	0	Developer
jdconley	winfessor-test	1	 
jfrankel	winfessor-test	1	 
highway	winfessor-trace	0	Developer
jdconley	winfessor-trace	1	 
jfrankel	winfessor-trace	1	Developer
bello	winflib	1	 
cecil_stock	winguitest	1	Project Manager
ctrondlp	winguitest	1	Developer
duality72	winguitest	1	Developer
erngui	winguitest	1	Project Manager
int32	winguitest	1	 
pkaluski	winguitest	1	Project Manager
szabgab	winguitest	1	Project Manager
verticaltier	winguitest	1	Developer
m_hagenaars	winio32	1	Developer
jdjs	winlamp	1	Developer
samisd	winlamp	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bazis	winloader	1	 
whoknowswhat	winmceinstall	1	 
dobrosi	winmobgps	1	 
mslomp	winports	1	 
aisotton	winpp	1	 
chrismorgan	winrash	1	 
dimi	winrash	1	Developer
jakobsf	winrash	1	 
tindalos	winrash	1	 
sindhumn	winresourcer	1	 
tzis	winsmledit	1	 
dkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
jdoran	wintypes	1	Support Technician
mkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
darkstream	wireframetool	0	Developer
ddearborn	wireframetool	0	Developer
fusemonkey	wireframetool	0	Developer
gavin_b	wireframetool	1	Developer
jabeynon	wireframetool	1	Developer
kroche	wireframetool	1	Developer
leeborkman	wireframetool	1	Project Manager
mikecraig	wireframetool	1	Developer
pmcelhaney	wireframetool	1	Developer
rsilverberg	wireframetool	1	Developer
shift4sms	wireframetool	1	Developer
tigeryan	wireframetool	1	Developer
vividev	wireframetool	1	Developer
voldengen	wireframetool	1	Developer
charisma	wisdom	1	 
maciejr	wiser	1	 
binkley	wisk	1	 
dbright	wixgui	1	 
pid117	wixgui	1	Developer
terrydenham	wixgui	1	Developer
zelenkov	wixtrim	1	 
smcardle	wlst	1	 
kazkad	wmclasses	1	 
mikefinn	wmqtools	1	Developer
robbn	wmqtools	1	Developer
jvaranda	wmscc	1	Developer
mark_postal	wmscc	1	Developer
eagleas	wmsigner	1	 
dmitrykukushkin	wmsigner-dotnet	1	 
dsuch	wmunit	1	Developer
piotrszulawski	wmunit	1	Developer
radziob	wmunit	1	Developer
simcha	wmunit	1	Developer
dkameleon	wmxi	1	 
eagleas	wmxi	1	 
maks_polunin	wmxml	1	 
jake_phillips	wnetwork	1	 
bbou	wnjn	1	Developer
jhanna777	wob	1	 
goranbacklund	wolfram	1	Developer
magnushult	wolfram	1	Project Manager
digisnap	wonderlib	1	 
fsgiudice	woopgui	1	Project Manager
benizi	wordnet	1	 
pronovic	wordutils	1	Developer
ragibson	wordutils	1	Developer
mbcolbert	workflow4j	0	All-Hands Person
oscarhsieh	workflow4j	1	All-Hands Person
arminc	workingcode	1	 
fdominguez	workingcode	1	Developer
mwagner	worklog	1	 
ydna	worklog	1	No specific role
ddomingos	worksco	0	Developer
eemg	worksco	0	Developer
gedl	worksco	0	Developer
jbmar	worksco	1	Project Manager
jotacosta	worksco	1	 
pmrsa	worksco	1	Developer
ptrlv	worksco	1	Project Manager
s_fernandes	worksco	1	Project Manager
matlackb	workzen	1	 
galik	wotcoa	1	 
cgruber	wotonomy	1	Project Manager
chochos	wotonomy	1	Developer
dongzhiwang	wotonomy	1	Developer
mpowers	wotonomy	1	Developer
under_score	wotonomy	1	Developer
dfrolov	wounittest	1	Developer
mbushkov	wounittest	1	Developer
pekeler	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
sogino	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
sinuscom	wp-thebookmarks	1	 
blabos	wpgdb	1	 
amohombe	wrad	1	 
aigan	wraf	1	Project Manager
mortenson	wrapper	1	All-Hands Person
mlamouri	wrathsound	1	 
tianchao	wsag4globus	1	 
iangm	wsal	1	 
dagger_ar	wsaver	1	 
obrand	wsdl4reg	1	Project Manager
almskou	wsis	0	Developer
cen1	wsis	0	Developer
chch01ae	wsis	0	Developer
christianbo	wsis	0	Developer
jonas_kortsen	wsis	0	Developer
kah_esl	wsis	0	 
martinschoeberl	wsis	1	Project Manager
milbak	wsis	1	Developer
mortenokholm	wsis	1	Developer
nielswahlgreen	wsis	1	Developer
nomisand	wsis	1	Developer
pcm79	wsis	1	Developer
sorenkrabbe	wsis	1	Developer
sval	wsis	1	Developer
thol01ab	wsis	1	Developer
troelsn	wsis	1	Developer
vsis2	wsis	1	 
kurakin	wsjl	1	 
dharampal	wslin	1	 
gangadharj	wslin	1	Developer
manjahs	wslin	1	Developer
sidda	wslin	1	Developer
btompkins	wsmq	1	 
wspace	wspace	1	 
ieure	wsre	1	Developer
nkirsch	wsre	1	 
wickedsmoke	wsrebol	1	 
newz2000	wtf-engine	1	 
arnavpoch	wtl	0	Developer
bviksoe	wtl	0	Developer
daniel_bowen	wtl	1	Developer
dineshkaushal	wtl	1	Developer
dusanjovanovic	wtl	1	Developer
encapsule	wtl	1	Developer
gilad_no	wtl	1	Developer
isemenov	wtl	1	 
itandetnik	wtl	1	Developer
jimspr	wtl	1	Developer
jim_barry	wtl	1	Developer
johndiii	wtl	1	Developer
jonrosy	wtl	1	Support Manager
joshheitzman	wtl	1	Developer
lilsroro	wtl	1	Developer
nenadstefanovic	wtl	1	Developer
rverhoef	wtl	1	Developer
tltabor	wtl	1	 
xushiwei	wtl	1	 
acsirmaz	wtrack	1	 
laufont	wui	1	All-Hands Person
wmaguire	wui	1	 
coreyti	wuiv	1	 
blues-man	www-sms	0	Developer
board707	www-sms	0	Developer
danilopiazza	www-sms	0	Developer
eim	www-sms	1	Project Manager
fmarzocca	www-sms	1	Developer
giulienk	www-sms	1	Project Manager
goghata	www-sms	1	Developer
initself	www-sms	1	Developer
kratochvil	www-sms	1	Developer
nicodds	www-sms	1	Developer
peteragarwal	www-sms	1	Developer
cperdue	wwwapp	1	 
ark-sf	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
dbt	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
ddribin	wx4j	1	 
iv-cap1	wxagent	1	Project Manager
admorgan	wxart2d	0	Developer
baxissimo	wxart2d	0	Developer
dimitrishortcut	wxart2d	0	Developer
frm	wxart2d	0	Developer
kbluck	wxart2d	0	Developer
kire_putsje	wxart2d	0	Developer
klion	wxart2d	0	Developer
msoegtrop	wxart2d	0	 
titato	wxart2d	1	Project Manager
mgilfix	wxcolourchooser	1	 
ckodonnell	wxcurl	1	Project Manager
mvalerio	wxcurl	1	Developer
ryanwilcox	wxcurl	1	Developer
afb	wxd	1	Developer
berobero	wxd	1	 
spicerun	wxdevelstudio	1	Developer
buildere	wxdevide	1	Developer
ninjanl	wxdevide	1	Developer
nuklearzelph	wxdevide	1	Developer
sof_t	wxdevide	1	Developer
tbreina	wxdevide	1	Developer
spicerun	wxdevstudio	1	Developer
buildere	wxdsgn	1	Developer
gururamnath	wxdsgn	1	Developer
kinming	wxdsgn	1	Developer
ninjanl	wxdsgn	1	Support Manager
nuklearzelph	wxdsgn	1	Developer
sof_t	wxdsgn	1	Support Manager
specu	wxdsgn	1	No specific role
tbreina	wxdsgn	1	Developer
warlock24	wxeclipse	1	 
abhinav_kr	wxedi	0	Developer
manisys	wxedi	1	 
kentropy	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
koansoftware	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
cklester	wxeuphoria	0	Doc Writer
ghaberek	wxeuphoria	0	Developer
jaygade	wxeuphoria	0	Developer
mattlewis	wxeuphoria	1	All-Hands Person
mwsgris	wxeuphoria	1	Developer
iv-cap1	wxex	1	Project Manager
frm	wxextended	1	Developer
markmccormack	wxextended	1	Project Manager
spooker	wxextended	1	Developer
abenitez69	wxfp	1	 
hansvl	wxguide	0	Developer
wyo	wxguide	1	 
afyzendo	wxhaskell	0	Developer
dleijen	wxhaskell	1	Developer
jodonoghue	wxhaskell	1	 
kowey	wxhaskell	1	Project Manager
martijnislief	wxhaskell	1	Developer
shelarcy	wxhaskell	1	 
supermule	wxhaskell	1	 
wjsuijle	wxhaskell	1	Developer
dbryson	wxia	1	 
deadserious	wxnet	0	Developer
gbche	wxnet	0	Developer
harald_meyer	wxnet	1	Developer
jameswdumay	wxnet	1	Project Manager
kimoj	wxnet	1	Developer
malenfant	wxnet	1	Developer
nummish	wxnet	1	Developer
olkalex	wxnet	1	Developer
roebling	wxnet	1	Developer
rpodgorny	wxnet	1	Developer
stahta01	wxnet	1	Developer
t9mike	wxnet	1	Developer
wxnetadmin	wxnet	1	 
linmain	wxplotterwindow	1	 
mcfletch	wxpypropdist	1	 
chrishbarker	wxpystonesoup	0	Developer
kollivier	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
robind	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
iv-cap1	wxscript	1	Project Manager
lafriks	wxsoap	1	 
blackpaw	wxsqlite	1	 
psiegmund	wxsqlite	1	 
asnyatkov	wxtl	1	Developer
hiscapness	wxtl	1	Developer
jimdaubert	wxtl	1	Developer
jlyonsmith	wxtl	1	Developer
jmaver	wxtl	1	Developer
pdm	wxtl	1	Developer
alik	wxtoolbox	1	 
abxabx	wxtv	1	 
ntalex	wxvillalib	1	 
malat	wxvtk	1	Project Manager
nnunn	wxvtk	1	 
kollivier	wxwebkit	1	Developer
vaclavslavik	wxwebkit	1	Developer
alexph	wxxcd	0	Developer
edrin_t	wxxcd	1	 
wizzerworks	wz-m3gvw	1	 
dougsatch	x-assist	1	 
vutunglam	x-frameanalyzer	1	Project Manager
xvcl	x-frameanalyzer	1	Unix Admin
tittoproject	x-launcher	1	 
woyle	x-pipe	1	 
artsgeral	x-trad	0	All-Hands Person
beduino_xt	x-trad	1	Project Manager
cecil_stock	x11guitest	0	Developer
ctrondlp	x11guitest	1	 
ohsilence	x11guitest	1	 
szabgab	x11guitest	1	Developer
ohsilence	x11region	1	 
aviadbd	x2j	1	 
razor950	x360sdk	1	 
ajramire	x3p	1	 
chimeric_spirit	x3p	1	 
glazarus	x3p	1	 
rascal1182	x3p	1	 
wnman2000	x3p	1	 
ivanneto	xactor	1	 
reverbel	xactor	1	Project Manager
xaguilars	xagdelphitools	1	 
dr_tux	xalgo	1	 
xalgo	xalgo	1	Developer
lobochief	xamj	1	Developer
xamjadmin	xamj	1	Developer
yairraz	xamj	1	Developer
uisdean	xampl-pp	1	 
campanoni	xanlib	1	 
amaltsev	xao	1	Analysis / Design
bdespain	xao	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
buddachile	xao	1	Analysis / Design
jkxao	xao	1	Developer
konstsaf	xao	1	Developer
e4c5	xao-php	0	Developer
spasmoid	xao-php	1	 
andreymirzoyan	xaosos	1	 
e075xk	xap2	1	 
apakuni	xaraya	0	Developer
baraboom	xaraya	1	Developer
besfred	xaraya	1	Developer
bmcgilligan	xaraya	1	Developer
child_god	xaraya	1	Developer
clshrock	xaraya	1	 
dracosarcane	xaraya	1	Project Manager
dudleyc	xaraya	1	Developer
epsilon7	xaraya	1	Developer
gabrielconnor	xaraya	1	 
jasonjudge	xaraya	1	Project Manager
jbeames-sf	xaraya	1	Developer
johnnyrocket	xaraya	1	Project Manager
jojodee	xaraya	1	Developer
kams_sf	xaraya	1	Developer
marcel	xaraya	1	Project Manager
marcinmilan	xaraya	1	Developer
mikespub	xaraya	1	Developer
niceguyeddie	xaraya	1	Developer
rabbitt	xaraya	1	All-Hands Person
stratagem	xaraya	1	Tester
thx1855	xaraya	1	Developer
varchar	xaraya	1	Developer
voll	xaraya	1	Developer
xarayageek	xaraya	1	Developer
eddieajau	xarcims	1	 
glgay	xarm	1	 
matthiasanlauff	xasm	1	Project Manager
pwkutter	xasm	1	Project Manager
abhattcos	xaware	0	 
credd	xaware	0	 
dgaethofs	xaware	0	No specific role
dwieland	xaware	0	 
fhammond22	xaware	0	No specific role
heyrichards	xaware	0	Developer
jgpeters	xaware	1	Tester
joncweaver	xaware	1	Developer
jpmanson	xaware	1	Developer
jtarnows	xaware	1	 
kevindibble	xaware	1	 
kshishir	xaware	1	Developer
kvandersluis	xaware	1	Developer
mlamle	xaware	1	 
oyesil	xaware	1	No specific role
rajghiya	xaware	1	 
ravindrach	xaware	1	 
rayhohl	xaware	1	Support Technician
satishkuncha	xaware	1	Developer
tferguson_xa	xaware	1	Developer
thadakavasu	xaware	1	Developer
voconnor	xaware	1	 
xa_admin	xaware	1	 
xa_dblack	xaware	1	Project Manager
vailtom	xbase-dev	1	 
davep	xbasemode	0	Developer
romberg	xbasemode	1	 
auxesis	xbashserv	0	Tester
breadcrust	xbashserv	1	Developer
the-raptor	xbashserv	1	Web Designer
skorobogatov	xbb-code	1	 
jeff_epstein	xbnjava	1	 
shuetrim	xbrlcomposer	1	 
frankyeh	xbtl	1	 
sultan_szz	xbunit	1	 
meades	xcache	1	All-Hands Person
jbayechou	xcarecrows4xml	1	Developer
jpater3	xcarecrows4xml	1	Developer
rioum	xcarecrows4xml	1	Unix Admin
soudant	xcarecrows4xml	1	 
ueimor	xcarecrows4xml	1	 
xcarecrows	xcarecrows4xml	1	Project Manager
izaquar	xccnode	1	Developer
ksejlod	xccnode	1	Developer
tschmelcher	xcde	1	 
boelthorn	xchatlisp	1	 
mattboy99	xchattercore	1	 
harryrat	xclass	1	 
hperaza	xclass	1	 
sexkiller	xcms	1	 
xitnalta	xcms	1	No specific role
emiruner	xcom	1	All-Hands Person
diken	xconsole	0	Developer
iamkeke	xconsole	1	 
hengels	xcool	1	 
leonchiver	xcool	1	Developer
julienroussel	xcop	1	Developer
reeb	xcop	1	 
jkatou	xcpp	1	 
xeus_man	xdatagrid	1	 
linterra	xde	1	Project Manager
dorivalac	xdebug	1	 
kodecharlie	xdelimitarea	1	 
caption	xdoclet-ui	0	 
glraaj	xdoclet-ui	0	 
gvdinesh	xdoclet-ui	1	 
asterix802	xeclip	0	Developer
dominator75	xeclip	0	Developer
k_paland	xeclip	0	Developer
rainergloede	xeclip	1	 
tharmes	xeclip	1	Developer
dgil	xelements	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pive	xelements	1	 
claudenw	xenei	1	Project Manager
fresco	xenei	1	Graphic/Other Designer
jlwood949	xenei	1	All-Hands Person
karav	xenei	1	Developer
kurnl	xenei	1	Developer
wizardspro	xennet	1	 
madonnax	xeril	1	 
chutiporn	xet	1	Developer
krlab	xet	1	Project Manager
paramai	xet	1	Developer
mat007	xeumeuleu	1	Developer
vinsle	xeumeuleu	1	Developer
zebre007	xeumeuleu	1	Developer
haustein	xfap	1	 
moxon	xfap	1	 
agaroffolo	xforge	1	Developer
nemorino	xforge	1	 
ulim	xforge	1	Developer
flaviotordini	xfp	1	 
rletosa	xfp	1	Developer
burning_fr	xfr	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dugris	xfr	1	Developer
edomch	xfr	1	Project Manager
fooups	xfr	1	Doc Writer
frxoops	xfr	1	 
kris_fr	xfr	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
marcoxoops	xfr	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pemen	xfr	1	Developer
philou_themes	xfr	1	Web Designer
vishesh91	xfuse	1	 
schooten	xgame	1	 
xgenerator_prj	xgenerator2	1	 
jcayzac	xgl	1	Project Manager
morriscat	xgroupset	1	 
abassanezi	xhgtk	0	 
druzus	xhgtk	0	Developer
henemer	xhgtk	0	Developer
jancarlo	xhgtk	0	Developer
marcosgambeta	xhgtk	1	Developer
rodrigo_moreno	xhgtk	1	Developer
sandrorrfreire	xhgtk	1	 
cassbil	xhtml2gui	1	Developer
joshcode	xhtml2gui	1	Developer
nicolaasuni	xhtmltranscoder	1	 
ipreuss	xhtmlunit	1	Developer
johnlink	xhtmlunit	1	 
nicolaasuni	xhtmlvalidator	1	 
andijahja	xhuggle	0	Developer
bb75	xhuggle	0	Developer
brianhays	xhuggle	0	Developer
felixhuggle	xhuggle	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jvbalek	xhuggle	0	Developer
lculik	xhuggle	1	Developer
legless	xhuggle	1	Developer
mws_radwar	xhuggle	1	Project Manager
paultucker	xhuggle	1	Developer
sssant	xhuggle	1	Developer
axonrg	xiki	1	 
zcsizmadia	xilprg	1	Project Manager
cyrilgodart	ximol	0	Developer
francisandre	ximol	0	 
hfp	ximol	1	Developer
tournois	ximol	1	 
rgclan	xinca	1	 
fnunnari	xinecanvas	1	 
fbilhaut	xineo	1	Project Manager
baserose	xingu	1	 
dep4b	xingu	1	Developer
diogosaad	xingu	1	Project Manager
hirbel	xinity	0	 
knubbel	xinity	1	Developer
martinka	xinity	1	 
gamester17	xinstall	1	 
prodi	xinstall	1	Developer
seanccarroll	xinstall	1	Web Designer
shadow_mx	xinstall	1	Tester
xero2004	xinstall	1	Analysis / Design
amarches	xippo	1	Project Manager
baldua	xippo	1	Developer
marcoinno	xippo	1	Developer
the_high_castle	xippo	1	All-Hands Person
charamuga	xito	0	Developer
cybercerberus	xito	0	Developer
drichan	xito	1	 
kenaung	xito	1	 
abbyz	xjeez	1	 
dotan_adler	xjmx	1	 
fperezpa	xkins	0	Developer
gmeyer1604	xkins	1	 
slavo	xkproject	1	 
foxbatty	xlattice	0	Developer
jddixon	xlattice	1	 
markware	xlattice	1	 
ssansone	xletutil	1	 
ahuser	xlibvcl	1	 
dmontgomery	xlibvcl	1	Developer
acki	xlife	1	 
cebewee	xlife	1	 
nexos	xlife	1	 
oetzel	xlife	1	 
davidgeorge	xlink	1	 
keithalewis	xll	1	Project Manager
zenon48	xlog	1	 
chema76	xlsheet	1	 
aschild	xlsjdbc	1	 
amai	xlt	1	 
dannybackx	xlt	1	 
mbardiaux	xlt	1	Developer
rwscott	xlt	1	Developer
ericehlers	xlw	1	Project Manager
jlecomte	xlw	1	Project Manager
markjoshi	xlw	1	Developer
nando	xlw	1	No specific role
stochastix	xlw	1	No specific role
polus	xm17n	1	 
injektilo	xmarks	1	 
jcman	xmarks	1	Developer
jrdavis	xmarks	1	Developer
kraldon	xmarks	1	 
rajindersingh	xmarks	1	Developer
it_xmb	xmbhacksportal	1	Developer
simshsia	xmbhacksportal	1	All-Hands Person
phishman3579	xmdaemon	1	 
jmr13	xmem	1	 
anarchiex	xmemedit	0	Developer
bahamutzero	xmemedit	0	Developer
epimetrias	xmemedit	0	Developer
rgovostes	xmemedit	1	 
birdscurrybeer	xmen	0	Developer
dark_angel	xmen	1	 
eclipse_elf	xmen	1	 
tjacyno	xmen	1	Developer
luvaul	xmidas-vim	1	 
ceciliamascolo	xmiddle	1	 
liciacapra	xmiddle	1	 
mircomusolesi	xmiddle	1	 
rohirrim	xmiddle	1	 
allenb	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
aronb	xml-cppdom	1	Developer
dshipton	xml-cppdom	1	Developer
nonchocoboy	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
patrickh	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
subatomic	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
mgruenke	xml-extractor	1	 
amehta1066	xml-ezparse	1	 
arjenmarkus	xml-fortran	1	 
cironian	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
dflorey	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
djcordhose	xml-im-exporter	1	 
changliu	xml-node	1	Project Manager
msg4chang	xml-node	1	Developer
valikov	xml-transform	1	 
simontuffs	xml-xig	1	 
jabstract	xml2object	1	 
radu_floricica	xml2swing	1	 
sbellon	xml4ada95	1	Project Manager
vrandezo	xml4ada95	1	 
cobalt60	xmlapi	1	All-Hands Person
hzeller	xmlapi	1	Developer
boriskhv	xmlapplication	0	Developer
dbarashev	xmlapplication	1	 
lifatov	xmlapplication	1	Developer
oka801	xmlapplication	1	Developer
sseaman	xmlaprocessor	1	 
csa	xmlbench	1	 
rdragon01	xmlbind	1	 
jcofflan	xmlcereal	1	 
ccoupal	xmlcfgdal	1	 
nicolaasuni	xmlcfgreader	1	 
csaunders	xmlchecker	1	 
johnjones	xmlchecker	1	 
sprior	xmlchecker	1	 
vanlindholm	xmlchecker	1	 
ikotenkov	xmlclipse	1	 
dnote	xmlcomp	1	 
anurag0806	xmlcomparator	1	 
victoor	xmlcomparator	1	 
carnold	xmlconf	1	 
dbrownell	xmlconf	1	 
ebcdic	xmlconf	1	 
edwingo	xmlconf	1	Developer
jason_e_stewart	xmlconf	1	Developer
jpolastre	xmlconf	1	 
jstrachan	xmlconf	1	Developer
marybrady	xmlconf	1	 
sector9	xmlconfig	1	 
nicolaasuni	xmlconfigreader	1	 
adbit	xmlcpg	1	Project Manager
boisgona	xmlcpg	1	Developer
dallaire	xmlcpg	1	Developer
larosem	xmlcpg	1	Developer
alain-couthures	xmlcsharp	1	 
chemdog206	xmldatabinding	1	 
pdr	xmldb	1	Project Manager
mrxtravis	xmldb-org	0	Developer
per_nyfelt	xmldb-org	1	 
uche	xmldb-org	1	Developer
walkabout	xmldb-org	1	 
elegoubin	xmlddl	1	 
agoubard	xmlenc	0	Developer
znerd	xmlenc	1	Project Manager
wendellgu	xmlengine	1	 
bpoussin	xmlgridlayout	0	Developer
soronthar	xmlgridlayout	1	 
edankert	xmlhammer	1	 
achimgaedke	xmlio	1	Project Manager
cic99	xmlio	1	Developer
pipenb	xmlio	1	Project Manager
schliep	xmlio	1	 
wasinee	xmlio	1	Developer
jerrykhan	xmlite	1	Developer
ohler	xmlite	1	 
greydrizzle	xmliter	1	 
crowelee	xmlization	0	Developer
rajonghyun	xmlization	1	Project Manager
jasonkitty	xmljb	1	 
zampire	xmlmacro	1	 
sljm	xmlmapper-net	1	Project Manager
aflinton	xmlmiddleware	1	 
codefox	xmlnode	1	 
dougkeith	xmlnode	1	Developer
edurand	xmloop	1	Project Manager
ish007	xmlopenstudio	1	 
lordoffox	xmlorm	1	 
hamletc1602	xmlout	1	Developer
labradortech	xmlout	1	 
abcoates	xmlp	1	Project Manager
zarella	xmlp	1	Developer
pit22	xmlpp	1	Project Manager
hipparchus2001	xmlprog	1	 
javajedi	xmlproperties	0	 
johnqueso	xmlproperties	1	 
tfb785	xmlprprpr	1	 
lilantha	xmlpullparser	1	 
meredydd	xmlrpc-debug	1	 
jredlin	xmlserializer	0	 
kmeson	xmlserializer	0	 
lient	xmlserializer	1	 
fcrestois	xmlsourcefile	1	 
entelechy	xmltester	0	Developer
orb	xmltester	0	Developer
texas_stu	xmltester	1	Project Manager
davidrutter	xmltestsuite	1	 
nik_89	xmltools	1	All-Hands Person
pinak	xmltools	1	Doc Writer
sharun	xmltools	1	All-Hands Person
akasper	xmltraverse	1	Developer
loneranger	xmltraverse	1	Project Manager
enotecha	xmlv	1	 
osiris0677	xmlv	1	Developer
llturro	xmlvoc	1	 
samtregar	xmlvs	1	All-Hands Person
bir	xmlworks	1	 
ch3oh	xmlworks	1	Developer
sfock	xmlworks	1	Developer
subjective	xmlworks	1	Developer
tarapolice	xmlworks	1	Developer
bayard	xmlwriter	1	Project Manager
petecassetta	xmlwriter	1	Developer
brong	xmlxslt	1	 
dandman	xmlxslt	1	 
egonw	xmlxslt	1	 
gellyfish	xmlxslt	1	Developer
gjosten	xmlxslt	1	Developer
hexmode	xmlxslt	1	 
iaintat	xmlxslt	1	Developer
kingubu	xmlxslt	1	 
mike808	xmlxslt	1	 
nejedly	xmlxslt	1	 
potempkin	xmlxslt	1	Developer
sigsegv11	xmms-rc	1	 
zeronullvoid	xmocx	1	 
gregm	xmon	1	 
crushdepth	xmtd	0	Doc Writer
dave_l	xmtd	0	Developer
gibaphp	xmtd	0	Developer
jegelstaff	xmtd	0	Developer
m0nty_	xmtd	1	Project Manager
malanciault	xmtd	1	No specific role
real_therplima	xmtd	1	Developer
skenow	xmtd	1	Developer
young-pee	xmtd	1	Developer
sandklef	xnee	1	 
edankert	xngr	1	 
knesbitt	xngr	1	 
okellya	xngr	1	Developer
aslom	xni2xmlpull	1	 
dov-g	xnm	1	 
otbsupport	xnreseditpe	1	 
xoltar	xoltar-toolkit	1	 
pallaert	xooof	0	Developer
ph_vijghen	xooof	0	 
sagblmi	xooof	1	 
sagbsth	xooof	1	Developer
sagbtw	xooof	1	Project Manager
sagfmak	xooof	1	Developer
sbidoul	xooof	1	Project Manager
eyekeeper	xoopers	1	 
real_therplima	xoopers	1	Project Manager
abeynaike	xoops	0	 
ackbarr	xoops	0	Developer
alanjuden	xoops	0	Developer
alexxus	xoops	0	Developer
alferov	xoops	0	Developer
beckmi	xoops	1	Project Manager
birdseedmusic	xoops	1	Developer
blackdeath_csmc	xoops	1	Developer
bluenova	xoops	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
brunobls	xoops	1	Developer
buennagel	xoops	1	Developer
bujin	xoops	1	Tester
callawey	xoops	1	Developer
carnuke	xoops	1	 
catzwolf	xoops	1	Developer
ch0ke	xoops	1	Developer
chapi-de	xoops	1	Developer
claudia	xoops	1	Developer
cordel2	xoops	1	Developer
crushdepth	xoops	1	Doc Writer
dap997	xoops	1	Developer
dasdan	xoops	1	Developer
dave_l	xoops	1	Developer
davidli	xoops	1	Developer
davinci27	xoops	1	Developer
dawilby	xoops	1	Developer
dhcst	xoops	1	Developer
dheltzel	xoops	1	Developer
dirk_louwers	xoops	1	 
dpfresh	xoops	1	Developer
draven_0	xoops	1	Developer
drtimw	xoops	1	Developer
dugris	xoops	1	Developer
dyoo78	xoops	1	Developer
edomch	xoops	1	Support Manager
eikke	xoops	1	Developer
eric_juden	xoops	1	Developer
fnog	xoops	1	Developer
forxoops	xoops	1	Developer
frankblacksf	xoops	1	Support Technician
frano	xoops	1	Developer
fred_inbox	xoops	1	Developer
fx2024	xoops	1	Developer
garbelini	xoops	1	 
gibaphp	xoops	1	Developer
gizmhail	xoops	1	Developer
goghs	xoops	1	 
greyhair	xoops	1	Developer
gstarrett	xoops	1	Developer
gufyy	xoops	1	Developer
guymahieu	xoops	1	Developer
has207	xoops	1	Developer
hsalazar	xoops	1	Doc Writer
huzhenghui	xoops	1	Developer
hyperpod	xoops	1	Developer
indiangeek	xoops	1	Developer
intronbbs	xoops	1	Support Technician
irmtfan	xoops	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
iver_2435	xoops	1	Developer
jace303	xoops	1	Developer
jack404	xoops	1	Developer
jan304	xoops	1	Developer
jeffgr	xoops	1	Doc Writer
jeffkoertzen	xoops	1	Developer
jegelstaff	xoops	1	Developer
joaodelvalle	xoops	1	Developer
julionc	xoops	1	Developer
kahumbu	xoops	1	Doc Writer
kaotik_j	xoops	1	Developer
kavaxtreme	xoops	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kerkness	xoops	1	Developer
krayc	xoops	1	Developer
ldapguru	xoops	1	Developer
loudo	xoops	1	Developer
luciorota	xoops	1	Developer
lykoszine	xoops	1	Developer
m4d3l	xoops	1	Developer
manel1	xoops	1	Doc Writer
marcellobrandao	xoops	1	Developer
matand009	xoops	1	Developer
mboyden	xoops	1	Developer
mcleines	xoops	1	Developer
mcnaz7	xoops	1	Developer
mdeshane	xoops	1	Developer
mercibe	xoops	1	Developer
michaelhokamp	xoops	1	Web Designer
milhouse26	xoops	1	Developer
mvandam	xoops	1	Developer
nboseret	xoops	1	Developer
nedlud	xoops	1	Developer
niluge_kiwi	xoops	1	Developer
novasmart	xoops	1	Developer
ohwada	xoops	1	Developer
pdaddict	xoops	1	Developer
pemen	xoops	1	Developer
peterr	xoops	1	Developer
phatbloke	xoops	1	Developer
phelim	xoops	1	Developer
philou_themes	xoops	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
phppp	xoops	1	Developer
ppcm	xoops	1	Developer
ralf57	xoops	1	Developer
rboyleiii	xoops	1	Developer
real_therplima	xoops	1	Developer
remy	xoops	1	Developer
robekras	xoops	1	Doc Writer
romu	xoops	1	Developer
rowd	xoops	1	No specific role
rv3000	xoops	1	Developer
sakimura	xoops	1	Developer
sandeep_416	xoops	1	Developer
shine2	xoops	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
snotlingorc	xoops	1	Developer
sudhaker	xoops	1	Developer
tecuya	xoops	1	Developer
thevivi	xoops	1	 
the_bender	xoops	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tripmon	xoops	1	Developer
urbanspaceman	xoops	1	Developer
vadvarju	xoops	1	Distributor/Promoter
victorzhuromsky	xoops	1	Developer
w4z004	xoops	1	Tester
webfm	xoops	1	Developer
webmailfx	xoops	1	Developer
wishcraft	xoops	1	Developer
wizanda	xoops	1	Developer
wtravel	xoops	1	Developer
wulff_dk	xoops	1	Developer
xend	xoops	1	 
xeon_vl	xoops	1	Developer
xoopshelper	xoops	1	Support Technician
xoopsmods	xoops	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
yipsilon	xoops	1	Developer
ylarrivee	xoops	1	Developer
young-pee	xoops	1	Developer
yoyo2021	xoops	1	Developer
zoullou	xoops	1	Developer
zyspec	xoops	1	Developer
valcilon	xoopscafe	1	Project Manager
julionc	xoopsla	1	 
aspoerl	xoplon	0	 
avix	xoplon	1	 
ebuchner	xoplon	1	 
baliuka	xorm	0	Developer
dcheckoway	xorm	0	Developer
harry_evans	xorm	1	Developer
radzimir	xorm	1	Developer
sbendar	xorm	1	Developer
seifertd	xorm	1	Developer
sj777	xorm	1	Developer
wbiggs	xorm	1	All-Hands Person
soft_guy	xox	1	Developer
xptrackeradmin	xp-tracker	1	 
dadaista	xp4ide	1	Developer
manuang2	xp4ide	1	Developer
reflex747	xp4ide	1	Developer
sorek	xp4ide	1	 
djcordhose	xpa	1	 
dmakalsky	xpa	1	Developer
lachinois	xpa	1	Developer
sstanchfield	xpa	1	 
bandi999	xpairtise	1	Developer
hschlen	xpairtise	1	 
kjuschus01	xpairtise	1	 
nlavit	xpairtise	1	 
rmischke	xpairtise	1	Developer
schleusel	xpairtise	1	Developer
schuemm	xpairtise	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dfugazza	xpanda	1	No specific role
elementocaotico	xpanda	1	Developer
mozillagodzilla	xparse	1	Developer
omouse	xparse	1	 
beanington	xpathtools	1	 
ianibbo	xpathtools	1	Developer
particlefizix	xpathtools	1	Graphic/Other Designer
joiellis	xpcgi	1	 
dwkang001	xpdl2owl	1	 
jmarranz	xpdom	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	xpea	1	 
robbrandt	xpinstaller	1	 
jacmorel	xplanner	1	Project Manager
mregazzi	xplanner	1	Developer
osandum	xplanner	1	Developer
sbate	xplanner	1	Developer
tkmower	xplanner	1	Developer
toggm	xpmt	1	 
winkj	xpmt	1	Developer
fernandovm	xprevail	1	 
acoopersmith	xprint	0	Developer
gelf	xprint	0	Developer
gisburn	xprint	1	 
jayhobson	xprint	1	Developer
abelcodemonk	xproadmap	1	Developer
kwallmar	xproadmap	1	Developer
michaelferrante	xproadmap	1	Developer
jheintz	xproundup	1	 
juergen_ebert	xpstorm	1	 
rsinnema	xpstudio	1	Developer
andykorth	xptracker	1	 
jansenr	xptracker	1	Developer
slembcke	xptracker	1	Developer
afreid	xpweb	0	Developer
alou2	xpweb	0	Developer
bfuller	xpweb	0	 
binarycode	xpweb	0	Developer
choucrouteman	xpweb	1	Project Manager
dgrov	xpweb	1	 
dinmadz	xpweb	1	Developer
garance	xpweb	1	 
haipeng	xpweb	1	 
mogambo	xpweb	1	 
naitek	xpweb	1	Developer
rdr73	xpweb	1	Developer
robinm	xpweb	1	Project Manager
smcclelland	xpweb	1	Developer
steveoc	xpweb	1	 
toasta	xpweb	1	 
tramuntana	xpweb	1	 
alexmv77	xpylib	1	 
xqxq	xqdraw	1	 
srinid	xqide	1	 
clinto	xqore	1	Project Manager
dalloliol	xqore	1	Project Manager
spetix	xqore	1	 
ucapuozzo	xqore	1	Project Manager
afleischer	xradar	0	No specific role
akafred	xradar	1	Project Manager
csterwa	xradar	1	Developer
danielbakkelund	xradar	1	 
francois_ld	xradar	1	Developer
geisor	xradar	1	Developer
haakonfs	xradar	1	Developer
kristofferkvam	xradar	1	Project Manager
ndox	xradar	1	Developer
ofjosne	xradar	1	Developer
pinakmengle	xradar	1	Developer
rodinix	xradar	1	Developer
romson	xradar	1	Developer
rpelisse	xradar	1	Developer
sherbert69	xradar	1	 
stenis999	xradar	1	 
thoraage	xradar	1	Developer
tobiast	xradar	1	 
valery_b	xradar	1	 
vsonerud	xradar	1	Developer
pestilence669	xrange	1	 
chap	xres4j	1	 
avexrf	xrf-tool	1	 
fasten	xrml	1	 
albertwang	xrun	0	Web Designer
isoman	xrun	0	Web Designer
laozhu	xrun	1	All-Hands Person
agony	xsanalyzer	1	 
mrcobit	xsdf	0	Developer
rainerbiz	xsdf	0	Developer
tonimaric	xsdf	0	Tester
yobiz	xsdf	1	 
tb_ryan	xsdfbuilder	1	 
xsdnyd	xsdnyd	1	 
mkallman	xsix	1	 
bacman	xsldoc	1	 
rajal	xsldoc	1	Developer
il_santo	xsljoke	1	 
ovidiu	xslt-process	1	Project Manager
taddyman	xslt-process	1	 
luzmendoza	xslt4exml	0	Developer
theogough	xslt4exml	1	 
sexiko	xsltbuddy	1	 
pgolovin	xsltml	1	Project Manager
shade33	xsltml	1	Developer
thertz	xsltml	1	Developer
balls	xsltsl	1	Project Manager
cce	xsltsl	1	Developer
dasman	xsltsl	1	Developer
doss	xsltsl	1	Developer
injektilo	xsltsl	1	Developer
leomonus	xsltsl	1	Developer
mhummel	xsltsl	1	Developer
reinout	xsltsl	1	Developer
stu001	xsltsl	1	Developer
kosek	xslttmapi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
xjanp40	xslttmapi	1	 
rbala	xsphplib	1	Project Manager
stellars	xsphplib	1	Developer
banjo	xsql	1	 
xertoz	xsqlapi	1	 
dvorme	xswt	1	 
hallvard	xswt	1	Developer
janmagpet	xswt	1	Developer
yuyou	xswt	1	Developer
geaz	xtas	1	 
csepulv	xteamworks	1	 
wrakocy	xteamworks	1	Developer
ttate	xtemplate	1	 
adragos	xterminal	1	 
vg103	xtestsuite	1	 
tdanylak	xtom	1	 
rcclaffe	xtoxml	1	 
marleydc	xtrans	1	 
zc2	xtrans	1	Project Manager
schemitz	xtreme	1	 
ayerra	xtremesuite	0	 
indukumar	xtremesuite	0	Developer
jeje	xtremesuite	1	 
medkouri	xtremesuite	1	 
purikk	xtremesuite	1	Developer
p-ultrid	xul	0	Developer
vamp201	xul	1	 
flegens	xulbooster	1	 
jvalduvieco	xulrecordset	1	Developer
laziguanara	xulrecordset	1	Project Manager
t_inoue	xunicode	1	 
kdmurthy	xunit	1	 
santoshd	xunit	1	 
osych	xvcl	1	Project Manager
ndthomson45	xview4struts	1	 
apasetti	xweaver	0	Developer
buerkeva	xweaver	0	Developer
ibirrer	xweaver	1	Project Manager
megli	xweaver	1	Developer
pnp-software	xweaver	1	 
rohlik	xweaver	1	Developer
dzop	xwidget	1	Project Manager
jshowlett	xwing	1	Developer
polx	xwing	1	Developer
stephanmueller	xwork-quartz	1	 
blais	xxdiff	1	 
schilcote	xy-game-engine	1	 
jimbodean	xybrix	1	Project Manager
plosson	xybrix	1	Developer
g_braad	xython	1	 
mlh	xython	1	No specific role
aedil	y2l	1	 
erik_edlund	yaasioi	1	 
gigahurtz	yabsim	1	 
acb-chevrant	yacdiff	1	 
rnstech	yacg	1	 
basic	yact	1	 
mariuss	yact	1	 
ade-development	yades	1	 
ascholz	yaesockets	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
mqm	yaesockets	1	Developer
plamaiziere	yaesockets	1	 
barthalg	yafumle	1	Developer
copypasters	yafumle	1	 
grigorij	yafumle	1	Developer
keccs	yafumle	1	Developer
kunoka	yafumle	1	Developer
pocsolya	yafumle	1	Developer
boism	yagdiff	1	 
jeugenepace	yagol	1	 
jbrat	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
yahoo_sm	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
davibu	yajal	1	 
mobileagent	yajal	1	 
hampelratte	yajil	1	Developer
yegong	yajil	1	Project Manager
demarne	yajl	0	Developer
recipient00	yajl	1	 
ajaygautam	yajul	0	Developer
gkerde	yajul	0	Developer
kentv	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
maxcsaucdk	yajul	1	Developer
oneovthafew	yajul	1	Developer
pgmjsd	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
rsanders	yaktest	0	Developer
vputz	yaktest	1	Project Manager
vputz	yaktrack	1	 
robject68	yaml4j	1	 
pyropunk	yamlit	1	 
deyaeddin	yanax	1	 
alask	yaonl	1	 
kayoff	yapcom	0	Developer
shlomoyona	yapcom	0	Developer
szabgab	yapcom	1	 
iferca	yape	1	 
stetzemd	yaprs	1	 
blytkerchan	yara	1	 
zl25-drexel	yarfraw	1	 
eagleeis	yasa	1	 
viergroupie	yasper	1	Developer
blabos	yatk	1	 
flaviothunder	yatk	1	Developer
geraldonetto	yatk	1	Developer
wolv28	yatk	1	Developer
ljcoomber	yatl	1	 
mradestock	yatl	1	 
samjones	yatl	1	 
f_crivellaro	yav	1	 
sevir	yav	1	Developer
kare	yawa	1	All-Hands Person
cibes	yawebftp	1	 
crsadun	yaxom	1	 
indikabandara	yconfigfile	1	 
filmor	ydoneum	1	Developer
treseizero_org	yed	1	 
bgunusen	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
cheadquarter	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
jefbed	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
ostolski	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
pr_tiglao	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
yeyopepe	yeyokmlapi	1	 
darklord1234	yge	1	Developer
yenware	yge	1	 
rashidmayes	yipi	1	 
duzy	yisc	1	 
ashkbiz	yodap	1	Developer
sicli	yogl	1	 
mtcyos	yoslib	1	 
full-root	yourass	1	 
yoxel	yoxel	1	 
ydaye	ytl	1	 
fwwarr	ywdt	1	 
jaewoolee	z2z	1	 
mmartin2	z80eclipse	1	 
boo_boo	z80ex	1	 
jnekl	z8encore	1	 
zebra_9	z9-data-ss	1	 
viacoban	zamolxis	1	 
anakein	zang	0	Developer
buennagel	zang	1	All-Hands Person
dcogan	zang	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jcscoobyrs	zang	1	Developer
junjp	zang	1	Developer
koudanshi	zang	1	 
mvandam	zang	1	Developer
regen_r8	zang	1	Requirements Engineering
skaag	zang	1	Developer
swisslyons	zang	1	Web Designer
uskola	zang	1	Developer
w4z004	zang	1	Project Manager
bfallenstein	zaubertrank	1	 
kanonenschwein	zaubertrank	1	 
xah	zaubertrank	1	 
ivanyukovich	zaval0000	1	Project Manager
lspwd	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
victor7k	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ivanyukovich	zaval0003	1	 
ivanyukovich	zaval0005	1	 
ivanyukovich	zaval0006	1	 
abmccullough	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
akmal88	zclipse	1	No specific role
buddy1974	zclipse	1	No specific role
celek	zclipse	1	Developer
chambery	zclipse	1	Developer
marcus_malcom	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
michaelrhead	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
mmjohnso	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
psyncho	zclipse	1	 
shanenz	zclipse	1	Developer
timhickey	zclipse	1	 
vvinnie	zclipse	1	Developer
rgiuly	zcontrols	1	 
cstt	zdat	1	 
cubber	zengine	1	Developer
elchem0	zengine	1	 
bazald	zenilib	1	Project Manager
jaspervdg	zenlib	0	Developer
zenitram	zenlib	1	 
alexanderb	zerberus	1	 
bratfisch	zerberus	1	Developer
keithfralick	zerolibc	1	 
jiye_zeng	zescript	1	 
kryptor	zescript	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
authen	zeti	1	 
tsynique	zetring	1	 
cgouiran	zfm	1	 
rio	zfm	1	 
thomasmshaw	zforums	1	 
marbeen	zfwpager	0	Developer
rgifford77	zfwpager	1	 
elig	zgcs	1	 
zhnt	zhnt	1	 
xaghash	zig-project	1	 
jrialland	zignal	1	 
wjue	ziling	1	 
neil_whitworth	zipcom	1	 
gaogao	zipios	0	Developer
heikoh	zipios	0	Developer
logos114	zipios	0	Developer
pablobuiras	zipios	0	Developer
russel_winder	zipios	0	Developer
thomas	zipios	1	Project Manager
wiredduns	zipios	1	Developer
darrellulm	zippar	1	Project Manager
intavg	zippar	1	Web Designer
andrho	zk1	0	Developer
charlespao	zk1	0	Developer
dadalee51	zk1	0	Developer
daviechen	zk1	0	Developer
flynew	zk1	0	Developer
henrichen	zk1	1	Project Manager
jeanher	zk1	1	Editorial/Content Writer
jimyeh	zk1	1	Editorial/Content Writer
jumperchen	zk1	1	Developer
ohpizz	zk1	1	Developer
robbiecheng	zk1	1	Developer
tomyeh	zk1	1	Project Manager
waterbottle	zk1	1	Developer
zanyking	zk1	1	Developer
samyem	zkbeans	1	 
vagul	zlib-ada	1	 
ankhcraft	zlib-palmos	1	All-Hands Person
munroe_r	zmenu	1	 
prdutta	zmpls	1	 
agreen	zoolib	1	Project Manager
carbontax	zoolib	1	Doc Writer
cteplovs	zoolib	1	Developer
determinator	zoolib	1	Developer
eric_cooper	zoolib	1	Developer
evilrob	zoolib	1	Developer
goingware	zoolib	1	Developer
jpjohnson	zoolib	1	Developer
mrw	zoolib	1	 
bkenwright	zorta	1	Developer
dmental	zorta	1	 
frodof	zorta	1	Developer
jsz-	zorta	1	Graphic/Other Designer
lazmike	zorta	1	 
noxz	zorta	1	Developer
orta	zorta	1	 
prozacx	zorta	1	Developer
pue5tube	zorta	1	Developer
alzx	zparser	1	 
mteira	zports	1	 
psycho77	zports	1	Developer
randolpho	zproject	1	 
cyphactor	zsrep	1	Developer
jcmdev0	zsrep	1	Developer
wohleb	zsrep	1	Developer
ominousminds	ztemplate	1	Project Manager
ecrahen	zthread	1	Unix Admin
albagj	zunit	1	Developer
lalo	zunit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mwkuster	zunit	1	Developer
rochael	zunit	1	Developer
randolpho	zwebedit	1	 
mikepb78	zxf	1	 
bzimmer	zxpy	1	Developer
cnclark	zxpy	1	Developer
vspader	zycode	1	 
czonsius	zzoss	1	Project Manager
jbreit	zzoss	1	Developer
ordnas	zzoss	1	Project Manager
comradehm	zztpp	0	Developer
jacobhammond	zztpp	0	Developer
wep	zztpp	1	 
