dev_loginname	proj_unixname	is_admin	position
davidpean	wikiauserprofil	1	
zelenkov	wixtrim	1	
terrydenham	wixgui	0	Developer
pid117	wixgui	0	Developer
dbright	wixgui	1	
binkley	wisk	1	
maciejr	wiser	1	
charisma	wisdom	1	
voldengen	wireframetool	0	Developer
tigeryan	wireframetool	0	Developer
vividev	wireframetool	0	Developer
shift4sms	wireframetool	0	Developer
rsilverberg	wireframetool	0	Developer
pmcelhaney	wireframetool	0	Developer
mikecraig	wireframetool	0	Developer
leeborkman	wireframetool	1	Project Manager
kroche	wireframetool	1	Developer
jabeynon	wireframetool	0	Developer
gavin_b	wireframetool	1	Developer
fusemonkey	wireframetool	0	Developer
ddearborn	wireframetool	0	Developer
darkstream	wireframetool	0	Developer
mkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
jdoran	wintypes	1	Support Technician
dkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
tzis	winsmledit	1	
sindhumn	winresourcer	1	
tindalos	winrash	0	
jakobsf	winrash	0	
dimi	winrash	0	Developer
chrismorgan	winrash	1	
aisotton	winpp	1	
mslomp	winports	1	
dobrosi	winmobgps	1	
whoknowswhat	winmceinstall	1	
bazis	winloader	1	
samisd	winlamp	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jdjs	winlamp	1	Developer
m_hagenaars	winio32	1	Developer
verticaltier	winguitest	0	Developer
szabgab	winguitest	1	Project Manager
pkaluski	winguitest	1	Project Manager
erngui	winguitest	1	Project Manager
duality72	winguitest	0	Developer
ctrondlp	winguitest	1	Developer
cecil_stock	winguitest	1	Project Manager
bello	winflib	1	
jfrankel	winfessor-trace	0	Developer
jdconley	winfessor-trace	1	
jfrankel	winfessor-test	0	
highway	winfessor-trace	0	Developer
jdconley	winfessor-test	1	
highway	winfessor-test	0	Developer
salazaar_user	windunitsconver	1	
windev	windev-stock	1	Project Manager
c_hannibal	windev-stock	1	Developer
ssalgado	winco	1	All-Hands Person
amadisoft	winblocker1free	1	
bazis	winavrloader	1	Unix Admin
maik1481	winautorun	1	
arkhee	winapivbclass	1	
schaps	winapidotnet	1	
brentoboy	winape-includes	1	
rgerhards	win32uxlib	1	
viglius	win32objc	1	
indeyets	win32objc	0	All-Hands Person
loqui	win32net	1	
dremon	win32gui	0	Developer
jtorjo	win32gui	1	Project Manager
bitsmaker	win32gui	0	Developer
vksharma	win32cpp	1	
solarangel	win32apilib	1	
hhokawa	win32apiexe	1	
mspgroup	win-platform	1	
wilsondotnet	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
jerdenn	wilsonwebform	1	Project Manager
pfred	wildweb	1	Developer
bruder	wildweb	1	Project Manager
wilbur-website	wilbur-rdf	1	
theran	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
ora	wilbur-rdf	1	Developer
jkessler523	wikiwordimport	1	
jordanirwin	wikingine	1	
thoraxdk	wikiflashplugin	1	Developer
sansei	wikiflashplugin	1	Project Manager
develyoy	wikiengine	1	Project Manager
jkessler523	wikiautolinker	1	
nsillik	wii-linux	1	All-Hands Person
gauravps	wii-linux	0	No specific role
fintler	wii-linux	1	
chgu	wii-linux	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dvdw	widgetserver	1	
scarroll	widgedit	1	
yppflakrymzk	widestudio	0	Developer
tamaki	widestudio	1	Tester
hirabays	widestudio	1	Developer
gotow_sf	widestudio	1	Developer
skipoles	wicket	0	Developer
knopp	wicket	1	Developer
jonathanlocke	wicket	1	Developer
joco01	wicket	1	Developer
jdonnerstag	wicket	1	Developer
jannehietamaki	wicket	0	Developer
jan_blok	wicket	0	Developer
ivaynberg	wicket	1	Developer
gwynevans	wicket	1	Content Management
eelco12	wicket	1	Developer
dashorst	wicket	1	Content Management
billen	wicket	0	Developer
almaw	wicket	1	Developer
adouma	wicket	0	Developer
tomczarniecki	why	0	Developer
grahambrooks	why	1	
chenai	why	0	Developer
viscix	whuffie	1	
artemk	wholetrack	1	
vrkiran	whimbrel	1	Project Manager
guru_d	whitespaceide	1	Developer
buge	whitespaceide	1	
dominiknew	white-cliffs	1	
wynder	whisper3	0	Developer
mrdyg	whisper3	1	Project Manager
tasdev	whisper2	0	Developer
seagraves	whisper2	0	Developer
rentzsch	whisper2	0	Developer
psnively	whisper2	1	Developer
meeroh	whisper2	0	Developer
mclow	whisper2	0	Developer
jesjones	whisper2	1	Developer
jbx	whisper2	0	Developer
davepolaschek	whisper2	0	Developer
chrispage	whisper2	0	Developer
agrosam	whisper2	0	Developer
udoborkowski	whereis	1	
pennekamp	whereis	1	Developer
thejustinwalsh	wgois	0	Developer
swiftcoder	wgois	0	Developer
sinbad	wgois	0	
rzr	wgois	0	Developer
raicuandi	wgois	0	Developer
pjcast	wgois	1	
oistooldev	wgois	0	Developer
mysterycoder	wgois	0	Developer
kuranes	wgois	0	Developer
cyberloon	wgois	0	Developer
cdsnyder	wgois	0	Developer
gtokas	wgfdirectx	0	Developer
grendizerufo	wgfdirectx	1	
malbari	wfnm	1	Developer
schnelle	wfmopen	0	Developer
rmontag	wfmopen	0	Developer
mlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
drmlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
drcweidauer	wfmopen	0	Support Technician
derekberube	wfaforars	1	Project Manager
pyplia	wf-twister	0	Developer
norsch	wf-twister	0	Developer
mriou	wf-twister	1	Developer
docouto	wf-twister	0	Developer
chudikm	wf-twister	0	Developer
d0ubl3_h3lix	webappsecmovies	1	
hibrido	welvs	1	
killerhg	weblibforphp	1	
martensss	webformprocesso	1	
sfpbo	wexpand	1	
yavarin	weta	0	Developer
wetacvs	weta	0	Developer
n8chtschwaermer	weta	0	Developer
mascha1	weta	0	Project Manager
joa23	weta	1	Developer
h2g	weta	0	
bissi	weta	0	Developer
bauhardt	weta	0	Developer
werken	werken-xpath	1	Project Manager
jstrachan	werken-xpath	0	Developer
werken	werken-opt	1	
o_rossmueller	welofunc	1	
sburke	wefts	0	Developer
jonnymind	wefts	1	
dgp85	wefts	0	Developer
alexsilv	wefts	0	Developer
owenphelan	weeks	1	
plueschix	weeje	1	
jhereth	weeje	1	Tester
namcap	wedes	1	
dhcavalcanti	wedding-planner	1	
softtechee	webzip	0	Developer
hackou	webzip	0	Developer
elbrunito	webzip	1	Project Manager
alexh2084	webzip	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
hellofsteel	webzap	0	Developer
cartman	webzap	1	
cesschneider	webworks	1	
rickardoberg	webwork	1	Project Manager
baldree	webwork	1	Project Manager
webxprogramer	webx	1	
leonchiver	webx	1	
hgottfried	webx	0	Developer
srohatgi	webwiki	1	
myjsh	webwiki	1	Developer
blainekendall	webwalker	1	
kathyyabroudy	webunitproj	0	Developer
franzachermann	webunitproj	0	Developer
eosterm	webunitproj	0	Developer
dgan	webunitproj	1	Project Manager
democritus	webunitproj	0	Developer
purcell	webunit	1	
luisspranger	webumleditor	1	Project Manager
fassisrosa	webtst	1	
uselesspython	webtester	0	Web Designer
tweak187	webtester	0	Web Designer
rdbrinkhurst	webtester	0	Doc Writer
qakid	webtester	0	Tester
groff	webtester	1	Project Manager
flecou	webtester	0	Tester
sflexus	webstyler	1	
sushanth	webstore-app	1	
lucasjames	webstatsdotnet	1	
websoftcomp	websoftcomp	1	
viet	websignoff	1	Project Manager
sporco	websignoff	0	Web Designer
netaman	websignoff	1	Developer
sunny_y_m	websharp	1	
nhl_dotnet	websharp	1	Project Manager
foolnet	websharp	0	Project Manager
zamapunk	webservices	0	Web Designer
tiusender	webservices	0	Analysis / Design
rafabillor	webservices	0	Web Designer
petermichael85	webservices	0	Developer
mccool2880	webservices	0	Developer
heavywizard	webservices	1	Developer
prottier	webserviceedu	1	Developer
hansvandrunen	webserviceedu	1	Project Manager
gunduz	webserviceedu	1	Developer
fred_a99	webserviceedu	1	Developer
curlyx	webserviceedu	1	Tester
andre_hoekzema	webserviceedu	1	Developer
cpl	webpython	1	
brokendoor	webpm	1	Project Manager
tanus	webpanels	1	
markmmullin	webpagescraper	1	Project Manager
r_bajales	webonswing	0	Developer
paton	webonswing	1	
mssulik	webonswing	0	Developer
sensla	webmacroeditor	1	Developer
cvestol	webmacroeditor	1	
treebhoph	weblibraries	1	Project Manager
verdesci	webleaf	1	
why	webise	1	
vanug	webise	0	Developer
mahop-haus	webgi2007	1	
antocuni	webformkit	1	
nattygur	webfarmsession	1	
kwiateek	webengine	1	All-Hands Person
rebach	webelements	0	No specific role
netiquette	webelements	1	
varsted	webdialog	1	
disks86	webdevdotnet	1	
codec_zer0	webde	1	
seeplusplus	webcpp	1	
ken_vermette	webcomman	1	
yourgod	webapp	0	
q-webapp	webapp	0	Content Management
bantychick	webapp	1	
gary_kephart	webantrunner	1	
sgoryachev	web-its	0	Developer
jmhonor	web-its	0	Developer
dfayerma	web-its	1	Project Manager
claritza-abreu	web-its	0	Developer
pwh	weaver	1	Project Manager
rrfuzzy	weathernow	1	
octograve	weatherlib	1	
slackwar	wearucam	1	
thef0x	wdkeclipseplug	0	Developer
mccollough	wdkeclipseplug	0	Developer
emcdevprog	wdkeclipseplug	1	
aashishpatil	wdkeclipseplug	1	Developer
jibz	wcrt	1	Developer
parsley72	wcetools	1	
sdunand	wcelibcex	0	Developer
mloskot	wcelibcex	1	Project Manager
suf	wbxml-net	1	
mikesxf	wbhelpproject	0	Developer
hansjhaase	wbhelpproject	1	
scalp59	wazaabi	0	
olivier_moises	wazaabi	1	
naseer25	wavelet	0	
herbert	wavelet	1	
harin	wavelet	0	Developer
boytjie	wavelet	0	Developer
drtimguru	watsup	1	
brunns	watsup	1	Developer
auszero	watermelon	1	
czubin	watchloader	1	Project Manager
kurt_olsen	warserver	1	Developer
pmaupin	warbler	1	
splitsecond	wapache	1	Developer
chernyshevsky	wapache	1	Developer
paticubita	wanghy	0	Developer
alruiz15	wanghy	1	Developer
candera	wangdera	1	All-Hands Person
timfulmer	wagaef	1	
twh270	wafer	0	Developer
timp	wafer	0	Developer
samijarvensivu	wafer	0	
paton	wafer	0	Developer
krist30	wafer	1	Project Manager
hship	wafer	0	Developer
epesh	wafer	0	
dkfn	wafer	0	Developer
dionalmaer	wafer	0	Developer
aeden	wafer	1	Project Manager
hinnerup	waf	1	
cruise8	waf	1	
jappo	wabclient	1	Project Manager
wbrandes	wabajump	0	Developer
scytacki	wabajump	0	Developer
robnielsen	wabajump	0	Developer
rmontrose	wabajump	0	Developer
kedge	wabajump	1	Project Manager
gruban	wabajump	1	Project Manager
dmarcher	wabadma	1	
croland	wabadatabase	1	
jplr	waba-for-dos	1	
soar	w3replib	1	
tom191gmx	w32-perlexe-env	1	Developer
ymchoi	w-windows	1	
ultracat	w-windows	1	
samuel_heim	w-a-l	1	
czww	czww	1	
esavard	cygwinportable	1	
yuan_hang	cyton	1	Project Manager
kaloian	cyrcho	1	
radko28	cyclosoft	1	
jqguo	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
g-cyclops	cyclops-group	1	
crazytmac	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
cybercying	cyberwebform	1	
collembola	cyberwebform	1	Developer
atomm1024	cybercat	1	
baggioo	cyberbabel	1	
habdankw	cxxtl	1	
zhuo_qiang	cxxgui	0	Developer
matt_trentini	cxxgui	0	
dlwh	cxxgui	0	Developer
davidturner	cxxgui	1	
danieljames	cxxgui	0	
bio74	cxxbits	1	
furnish	cxx	1	Developer
dubois	cxx	1	No specific role
barry-scott	cxx	1	Developer
atuining	cx-pyoraclelib	1	
atuining	cx-pygenlib	1	
atuining	cx-oracle	1	
atuining	cx-logging	1	
tjlytle	cwpapi	0	Developer
rmharris	cwpapi	1	Project Manager
crusius	cwebtags	1	
trumpetinc	cweb	0	Developer
thompsonbry	cweb	1	Project Manager
mrpersonick	cweb	0	Developer
mhgrove	cweb	0	Developer
guylukes	cweb	1	Developer
dphaedo	cweb	0	Analysis / Design
bparsia	cweb	0	Developer
boisvert	cweb	0	Developer
b2e3	cweb	0	Developer
bradenloe	cwc32	1	
yygw	cvstracnt	1	
zona21	cvsrepository	1	
tacicu	cvs-intro	0	Developer
lbarberan	cvs-intro	1	
jorgep	cvs-intro	1	Developer
alvarado	cvrlib	1	
scinos	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
mvargas	cvpframework	1	Graphic/Other Designer
julioaba	cvpframework	1	
carla_cm	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
snikolaev	cvmlib	1	
rk87	cvarlib	1	
mtegtmeyer	cvalarray	1	
friedger	curl-dev-tools	1	
asimjalis	cutest	1	
tat0o	cutee	1	
nickthompson	cute	0	Developer
kerns	cute	0	Developer
heicom	cute	1	Developer
jmmcg	custwinapi	1	All-Hands Person
wmfaben	customgridview	1	
simfonie	cusp-parser	1	
jbeekmann	curlunit	1	
friedger	curlunit	1	
jpbl	curlpp	1	Developer
friedger	curl-widgets	1	Developer
brentyoung	curl-widgets	1	
jds2	cunit	0	Developer
jdpipe	cunit	0	Developer
anilsaharan	cunit	1	Project Manager
leewinder	cull	1	Project Manager
smilerliu	cuitk	1	
tadada	cubeforbatch	1	
grimreaper777	cubeb	1	
zshakeel	cuaesdk	1	Developer
wy001	cuaesdk	0	Tester
shyape	cuaesdk	1	Developer
secall	cuaesdk	1	Developer
mr_vage	cuaesdk	0	Developer
lmarasci	cuaesdk	1	Developer
jdliau	cuaesdk	0	Developer
jacapps	cuaesdk	1	Developer
dpottercisco	cuaesdk	1	Developer
dixson3	cuaesdk	1	Developer
dbethke	cuaesdk	1	Developer
chucksplatt	cuaesdk	0	Developer
achaney	cuaesdk	0	Project Manager
bschatz	ctypes4j	1	
theller	ctypes	1	All-Hands Person
perky	ctypes	0	
mcfletch	ctypes	0	
infidel	ctypes	0	Developer
h_punt	ctypes	0	
etrepum	ctypes	0	
bschatz	ctypes	0	
breese	ctrio	1	Developer
bagder	ctrio	1	Developer
stevewaring	ctms	1	Project Manager
mkobetic	ctms	1	
jdbell	ctms	1	Project Manager
hoagie6	ctms	1	Project Manager
psw	ctlib	1	
kinuko	ctk-dev	1	
chris52389	ctenet0	1	Project Manager
jmarskoder	cte	1	Project Manager
asabassi	ctcl	1	All-Hands Person
asa76	ctcl	1	
perlguy0	ctags	0	Developer
jkoshy	ctags	0	Developer
jafl	ctags	0	
elliotth	ctags	0	Developer
elias	ctags	0	Developer
dhiebert	ctags	1	Project Manager
dfishburn	ctags	0	Developer
devosc	ctag	1	
baron314159	cssmunch	1	
abupon	csvtokenizer	1	
cent022	csvobjectloader	1	Analysis / Design
bgkuhn	csvobjectloader	1	
scottryan	csvbeans	0	Developer
registar	csvbeans	0	Developer
mdylo	csvbeans	0	Developer
csvbeans	csvbeans	1	Developer
jacobrhoden	csv2xml	1	
teishu	csv-parser	1	
beer_god	csv-parser	0	Developer
piers_lawson	csunit	0	Developer
mare	csunit	0	Developer
malange	csunit	1	Project Manager
jake792	csunit	0	Developer
matsys4	cstring	1	
thierryc	csstidy	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
sined_	csstidy	0	Developer
floele	csstidy	1	Developer
edwardzyang	csstidy	0	Developer
brettz9	csstidy	0	Developer
msiennicki	cssl	1	
vorlath	csregex	1	
yoonkit	csopf	1	Project Manager
nickseng	csopf	0	All-Hands Person
ultralight32	csopengl	1	
smirk-	csocket	1	All-Hands Person
laurentd	csocket	1	
aglaforge	cslogger	1	
ucbmike	csk	0	Developer
overmind911	csk	0	Developer
lordarchaon	csk	0	Developer
graphite13	csk	1	Developer
aqsalter	csk	1	Doc Writer
rajivdas	csiniparser	0	Developer
dafmyns	csiniparser	1	
triso	cshroud	1	
wilow	csharped	1	
turchinc	csharp-studio	0	Developer
sdemiray	csharp-studio	1	All-Hands Person
lsh123	csharp-studio	1	Developer
drakmar	csharp-logger	1	
poclea	cserver	0	Developer
hbs	cserver	1	Project Manager
davidturner	cserver	0	Developer
jsf	cser	1	
yawnsoftware	csdl	1	
uzi	cscope	0	Developer
petr	cscope	1	Developer
nhorman	cscope	0	Developer
ms140569	cscope	0	Developer
jcduell	cscope	0	Developer
hops1	cscope	0	Developer
darrylo	cscope	0	Developer
broeker	cscope	1	Project Manager
korous	cscodedomparser	0	Developer
ivan_zderadicka	cscodedomparser	1	
wij2	cscall	1	
uschaefer_	cscache	1	
vailaya	csbi	0	Developer
stair	csbi	0	Developer
schwikowski	csbi	0	Developer
rsheridan	csbi	0	Developer
rowanxmas	csbi	1	Developer
rmkelley	csbi	0	Developer
pedlefsen	csbi	1	Developer
nerius	csbi	0	
mes5k	csbi	0	Developer
lkamenko	csbi	0	
james_angelo	csbi	0	Developer
iavila	csbi	0	Developer
gbader	csbi	0	
ffee21	csbi	0	Developer
ecerami	csbi	0	
amarkiel	csbi	0	Developer
allan_kuchinsky	csbi	0	Developer
mats101	cs-school	1	Project Manager
jannelund	cs-school	0	Developer
diphel	cs-school	0	Developer
carrzkiss	cs-school	0	Developer
stevenrd	cs-openal	1	
stevenrd	cs-ode	1	
taykwana	cs-adforms	1	
hhonisch	crystaledit	1	
nymble	cryptopy	1	
ultimoamore	crudelia	1	Project Manager
thomashuijer	crplugin	0	Developer
rorybecker	crplugin	1	Developer
purpleant	crplugin	0	Developer
lockecj	crplugin	0	Developer
dotnetrulez	crplugin	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cbilson	crplugin	0	
brandonh6k	crplugin	1	Project Manager
tokoe82	crosswater	1	
pandur	crosswater	1	
dr_maux	crosswater	0	
isemenov	crosstypes	1	
warlok	crossrec	0	Developer
ulflarsen	crossrec	0	All-Hands Person
koroglu	crossrec	0	Developer
crsource	crossrec	1	Developer
wsy	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
vanbaal	crm114	1	Developer
schhabra	crm114	1	Developer
popovich	crm114	1	
oopla	crm114	0	Developer
nkadel	crm114	0	Developer
moth	crm114	0	Developer
i_a	crm114	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
fsga	crm114	1	
dj_segfault	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
julienmuller	creme	0	
dbregeon	creme	1	Project Manager
jasonmr	credits	1	
morpheus2matrix	creative-portal	1	Project Manager
create-info	create-info	1	
smiitd	cranks	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aravindalwan	cranks	1	Project Manager
akshatgupta	cranks	0	
alx27	cpnightmare	1	
nero_couvalli	cppdatastructs	0	Web Designer
ikoniari	cppdatastructs	1	
whitten	cpw	1	
bshanks	cpw	1	Developer
jtoledo	cpstools	1	
cthuang	cproto	1	
emile	cprof	1	
kjinnovation	cpputilities	1	
ecosta76	cpptools	0	Developer
aguiar	cpptools	1	
w3seek	cpptoccmt	1	
msobczak	cpptk	1	
mloskot	cpptk	0	Developer
uly56	cpptestkit	1	
nilu	cpptest	1	
hartwork	cpptest	1	
msobczak	cpptcl	1	
urbanek	cppsphinxclient	1	Developer
honkir	cppsphinxclient	1	
kvanals	cppschool	1	
zedpobre	cppopt	1	
dcbill	cppisf	0	Developer
ajwans	cppisf	1	
felipe_almeida	cppgui	1	
daniel-kun	cppfunctor	1	
dashohoxha	cppdom	1	No specific role
headpigeons	cppdoc	1	
intmain	cppdevedit	1	
tvsudheendra	cppdbunit	0	Developer
prasadsurve	cppdbunit	1	Project Manager
chitoiup	cppcommandline	1	
dmarian	cppcback	1	
robertalmeida	cppagi	1	
nodet	cpp2rtf	1	
vesa_karvonen	cpp-unit	1	
alexvn	cpp-sockets	1	
alexvn	cpp-perfometer	1	
kibalin	cpp-experiment	1	Web Designer
alnsn	cpp-experiment	1	Developer
pmuellr	cpost	1	Project Manager
patoski	cpolib	1	All-Hands Person
grimicus	cpolib	1	Developer
blprice	cpolib	1	Project Manager
pattyd19	cpo	0	Developer
mad191	cpo	0	Developer
jcolson	cpo	1	Developer
efedok	cpo	0	Developer
berryware	cpo	1	Developer
omega1016	cpnmouse	0	Developer
mwestergaard	cpnmouse	1	Project Manager
jstookey	cpnmouse	0	Developer
labcn243	cplab3	1	
boriaw	cplab3	1	Project Manager
svenreul	cphplib	0	Developer
mr3dblond	cphplib	1	Project Manager
qiminghe	cpetstore	1	All-Hands Person
mchirico	cpearls	1	
tzz	cpanplus	0	
mbarbon	cpanplus	0	Tester
kudra	cpanplus	0	Doc Writer
jambe2	cpanplus	1	Developer
co-kane	cpanplus	1	Project Manager
autrijus	cpanplus	0	Requirements Engineering
pudge	cpan-mac	1	
tworems	cosa	0	
phackwer	cosa	1	
caioflucena	cosa	0	
m_peter	continuumscire	1	
holzert	collada2raw	1	
heiligg	collada2raw	1	All-Hands Person
romanovs	cofelib	1	
ycollet	coas	1	
enrico_granata	commandline	1	
ukimi367	copads	0	Developer
tkubaska	copads	0	Doc Writer
mauriceling	copads	1	
ckirkendall	copads	0	Developer
sarang_bh	codedit	1	Developer
nicolodavis	codedit	1	
ken_vh	cow	1	
covibli	covibli	1	
visusnet	covi	1	
liuxuan01	countword	1	
elena_lepko	countsoftprice	0	
adamian	countsoftprice	1	
hwiechers	countlines-py	1	Developer
stevevance	cougar	0	Developer
shamsian	cougar	0	Developer
rsalazar	cougar	0	Developer
jean_paul_33	cougar	0	Developer
coder90210	cougar	1	All-Hands Person
coachvargo	cougar	0	Developer
tcarrico	cougaar	1	Project Manager
ostersc	cougaar	1	Project Manager
x6e6562	cotton	1	
zheng_li	cothreads	1	
mckeown_paul	cosi-dot-net	1	Developer
gstuart	cosi-dot-net	1	Project Manager
vrinda	cosf	0	Developer
qu236161	cosf	0	Developer
paulmcdermott74	cosf	0	Developer
livedev	cosf	0	Developer
iamaphpfreak	cosf	0	Developer
cogardig	cosf	1	Project Manager
maxtuno	corsolas	1	
irosales	corsolas	1	Developer
wrpddx	corps	1	Developer
wendelmaques	corps	1	Developer
arcl	corps	1	Project Manager
maurotaveira	coronelado	0	Developer
fernandoribeiro	coronelado	1	
pokqwd	coreserver	1	
ikoniari	corepyexe	1	
prudhomm	corelinux	0	All-Hands Person
frankiec	corelinux	1	
frankc	corelinux	1	All-Hands Person
dalesbc	corelinux	0	Developer
vraalsen	coras	1	Developer
stigtors	coras	1	Developer
shaozhiy	coras	0	Developer
gyrd	coras	1	Project Manager
fvrsintef	coras	1	
fsesintef	coras	0	Developer
macc68	coralfsp	1	
toninonino	copt	1	
ypeeters	cooleclipse	1	Developer
oolmc	cooleclipse	1	
lannb	cooleclipse	1	Developer
cooldev	cooldev	1	
odiobill	cookieauth	1	
nopfnopf	conxult	0	Developer
hogi	conxult	1	Project Manager
amperp	convertdatetime	1	
eljay	controlit	1	Analysis / Design
campus	controlit	1	
bobafett	controlit	0	
swizin	controlfreak	1	
pmiller	contrast	1	
baruchel	contfrac	1	
maxime2	conststring	1	
alnsn	conststring	0	
xtraverse	construct	0	Developer
davidclark	construct	0	Developer
ashleysbrain	construct	1	
ectotropic	consolua	1	
shurugwi	command4net	1	No specific role
natielocke	command4net	1	
vklein	console-colors	1	
lloydxx	cono	1	Project Manager
cs410	cono	1	
stephaneerard	connected	1	
connect5d	connect5d	1	
paintguy67	connect4swt	1	
debscribe	conlib	1	
mol1111	conio	1	
cabaj	congaconfig	1	Developer
petergangzhang	confucius	1	
pax09	configrw	1	
henryn73	configmanager	1	
romanenco	configloader	1	
dmgass	config-py	1	
shadow00	config-plus	1	
ddumont	config-model	1	
clarsonneur	config-model	1	All-Hands Person
wadg	config-inifiles	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ta2	config-inifiles	0	No specific role
shlomif	config-inifiles	1	Developer
rbowen	config-inifiles	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
neuhaus	config-inifiles	1	Project Manager
grail	config-inifiles	1	Developer
domq	config-inifiles	0	Developer
avatar	config-inifiles	0	Developer
knesbitt	conduitmanager	0	
edankert	conduitmanager	1	
ivan_r_moore	condenser	1	
sscherf	concur	1	
thomas_scherm	concern	0	Requirements Engineering
stephanschuster	concern	0	Developer
shaensch	concern	0	Developer
sebnozzi	concern	0	Developer
rmalitz	concern	0	Developer
r_doering	concern	0	Developer
nebulosu	concern	0	Developer
leonchiver	concern	0	Developer
jdenzel	concern	0	Developer
hzeller	concern	0	Developer
hengels	concern	1	
gohrke	concern	0	Developer
florianroks	concern	0	Developer
anodos	concern	0	Developer
sylverboss	concentre-xml	0	Developer
roman_huditsch	concentre-xml	0	Developer
oancea	concentre-xml	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
kaloudoff	concentre-xml	0	Unix Admin
inwe	concentre-xml	0	
crocodile2u	concentre-xml	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cramatte	concentre-xml	1	Project Manager
a_petrozzelli	concentre-xml	0	Developer
irvazquez	comxmlrpc	1	
steinhaeuser	comwrapper	0	Developer
awegele	comwrapper	1	
kimgrasman	comunit	1	Developer
jimako	comunit	0	Developer
henblo	comunit	0	Developer
gpalli	comunit	0	Developer
gabog	comunit	0	Developer
exortech	comunit	1	Project Manager
theller	comtypes	1	All-Hands Person
danesparza	comresolver	1	
srikpen	comprgm	1	
betopadua	componentestiss	1	
okechina	complement	0	Developer
dmitryosmakov	complement	0	Developer
complement	complement	1	All-Hands Person
trifonnt	compilo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
teo_sarca	compilo	0	Developer
red1	compilo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
marlom9000	compilo	1	
globalqss	compilo	0	Developer
ebizvietnam	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
ebiz_portal	compiere-portal	1	Project Manager
peterbraswell	compass	0	Developer
kimchy	compass	1	
alanhardy	compass	0	Developer
rafael-afonso	comparatorrefle	1	
lealcy	comos	1	Web Designer
alphakiller	comos	1	Project Manager
tmbarrett	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
michaelegray	commsvcfw	0	Developer
karlmutch	commsvcfw	0	Developer
jgherman	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
irvingd	commsvcfw	1	
hartnalk	commsvcfw	0	Developer
gathorne	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
fergusod	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
eagleg	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
dmhubbar	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
americ	commontest	1	
cybercerberus	commons	1	Project Manager
crzyltlman	commons	1	Project Manager
mcomtois	commons-vfsjdbc	1	
d4ljoyn	commonplace	1	Project Manager
johnqueso	commonjava	1	Project Manager
jcfreema	commondrops	1	
stupenrose	commondesktop	1	
billandersen	common-logic	1	
inowland	commentreflower	1	
psychotron	commbean	1	Project Manager
darkmonk2000	commandlinenet	1	
peterfriedland	comjava	1	
scraatz	comitatuscommon	1	
dennis-me	comicviewernet	1	
seroukhov	comedia	1	Project Manager
nilostep	comedia	0	Developer
merkuriev	comedia	0	Developer
irl2dvolaw	comconbre	1	
lvalics	comcenter	1	
jtiger2005	columns4eclipse	1	
ariejan	colt	1	
voins	colorifer	0	Developer
ievlev	colorifer	1	
daveewart	colordiff	1	
cfaerber	color-calc	1	
mfranceschini	collections15	0	Developer
lbrucher	collections15	0	Developer
kennethxu	collections15	1	
chrislambrou	collections15	1	
polushin	collections-j15	1	
melq	collection-cpp	1	
racon	coliseum	1	Developer
arc116	coliseum	1	Project Manager
rsutphin	coldunit	0	
mmhohman	coldunit	1	Project Manager
doylemikej	coldunit	0	Developer
jamesk89	coldetdotnet	1	
photoneffect	coldet	1	
esnard	colcows	1	Developer
dussere	colcows	1	Developer
the_mindstorm	coffeeby1	0	Developer
rjlorimer	coffeeby1	1	
bluffel	coengines	1	
c0demangler	codon	1	
cmmdevries	codfig	0	Developer
believe_in_geek	codfig	1	
conjurerprime	codex-2001	1	
amir	codeweb	1	
vchan	codev	0	Developer
ratchet	codev	1	Project Manager
narentumkur	codev	0	Developer
james_e	codev	0	Developer
dmcnicol	codev	0	Developer
beyond_wyc	codev	0	Developer
benrose111488	codev	0	Developer
aburrido1805	codev	0	Developer
adnova	codetohtml	1	
ruskim	codestore	1	
webspy	codestats	1	
hectorcaban	codesourceproj	1	
jbishop	codeslinger	1	
foosel	codeslang	1	
colinat	codeshine	1	
bourilkov	codesh	1	
hathanhthai	codesender	1	
yoya	coderidge	1	Developer
ueno	coderidge	1	
haruyama	coderidge	1	Developer
mondalaci	coder-keymaps	1	Project Manager
paulpreece	codepad	1	
kgilpin	codeometer	1	
stefano_verna	codenote	1	
anblin	codenote	1	Developer
codename21	codename21	1	
wza	codename-alex	1	Project Manager
wes32980	codename-alex	0	Doc Writer
warlocke	codename-alex	0	Developer
sidthewicked	codename-alex	0	Developer
scriptfellow	codename-alex	1	Developer
roadkill16	codename-alex	0	Developer
quintok	codename-alex	0	Developer
orngrimm	codename-alex	0	Tester
insanemind	codename-alex	0	Developer
dryxel	codename-alex	0	Tester
ceedrick	codename-alex	0	Developer
zaxus	codemetrics	1	
mcjabberz	coded	1	
countjoe	codeconnector	1	Project Manager
aaronbockover	codeconnect	1	All-Hands Person
chicane	codecommander	1	
cclay	codecommander	0	
kprobst	codebox	1	
venussoftop	codebook	0	Developer
sjison	codebook	0	Developer
privera1	codebook	0	Developer
msborg	codebook	1	Developer
mikepratt	codebook	0	Developer
markstanton	codebook	0	Developer
gavilan	codebook	0	Developer
garykrell	codebook	0	
esparta	codebook	0	Developer
aguevara24	codebook	0	Developer
mteel	codeanalyze-gpl	1	
electrojavier	code2pdf	1	
shawnkhall	code-x	1	All-Hands Person
shankarpatil	code-x	0	Developer
kevaz	code-x	0	Developer
hollifm	code-x	0	Developer
e_weijmans	code-x	0	Developer
alpha42	code-x	0	Developer
stefmtl	code-nav	1	
mkerbiquet	code-browser	1	
hibou-57	code-browser	0	Developer
agnar	coda	1	
roliveto	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
mdipenta	coconut	1	Analysis / Design
frazur	coconut	0	Developer
andrea_delucia	coconut	0	Project Manager
steel_wheels	coconut-lib	1	
jongampark	cocoaguidgen	1	
sporkstorms	cocoadialog	1	
whatdidyoudo	cobrascript	1	
antonioprado	cobrabanco	1	Project Manager
vincekazuya	cobox	1	Project Manager
delinchant	cobox	0	Developer
aharper	cobolic	1	Project Manager
unl	cobold	1	Developer
ollix	cobold	1	Developer
joernt	cobold	0	Developer
fbenedictti	cobol-dbms	1	Project Manager
megid	coat	1	
riftit	coadunation	1	
coaddons	coaddons	1	
chanh	coaddons	1	Developer
ramin_zaghi	co2	1	
masoft	co2	0	
crstn_udrea	co2	0	
romanovs	cntmlib	1	
yygw	cnwizards	1	Project Manager
cnpack	cnwizards	1	
alexvn	cncc	1	
cnamoo	cnamoomodeler	1	
kurifu	cmrnsp	1	
daniel_braun	cmpbuilder	1	Developer
jesseanders	cmldev	1	Developer
dnave	cmldev	1	Developer
mervz22	cmis-ajax	1	
whkchung	cme	1	
tarr	cme	0	Developer
ossher	cme	0	Developer
kruskal	cme	0	Developer
billharrison	cme	0	Developer
terminusdv	cmage	1	
jdppm7	cmage	0	Developer
warweasle	cl-pcp	1	
meink	clxmlserial	0	Developer
harryo	clxmlserial	0	Developer
chrismo	clxmlserial	1	Project Manager
softmaxbr	clx-report	0	Developer
rogerbip	clx-report	0	Developer
rafaelgarcia	clx-report	0	Developer
petiz	clx-report	0	Developer
luizaujr	clx-report	0	Developer
lrreine	clx-report	0	Developer
louzada	clx-report	0	Developer
leonardols	clx-report	0	Developer
jonathas	clx-report	1	Project Manager
jalberto	clx-report	0	Developer
gostt	clx-report	0	Developer
gampert	clx-report	0	Developer
galadhon	clx-report	1	Unix Admin
edbort	clx-report	0	Developer
dennisrosa	clx-report	0	Developer
danilo_lr	clx-report	0	Developer
alcir	clx-report	0	Developer
agathocles	clx-report	0	Developer
jsedwards	clutil	1	
prosenjit	clumper	1	
horvathsm	clrunner	1	
lavii	clovis	1	
bunninator	cloudquest	1	
azola7	cloudquest	0	Developer
matomira	clore	1	
crsadun	clopt	1	
sbellon	cloneval	1	
olafseng	cloneanalyzer	1	Project Manager
mattbiehl	cloneanalyzer	1	
stig	clocc	0	
smk	clocc	1	
sds	clocc	1	
rtoy	clocc	0	
pvaneynd	clocc	1	
pfdietz	clocc	0	Developer
marcoxa	clocc	1	
liam	clocc	0	
lhunter	clocc	0	Developer
kevinrosenberg	clocc	0	Developer
kaelin	clocc	0	
haible	clocc	0	
gbyers	clocc	0	Developer
frank_adrian	clocc	0	Developer
donc	clocc	0	
cfourier	clocc	0	
airfoyle	clocc	0	Developer
rvinyard	clipsmm	1	
marktoml	clipsinterface	1	Developer
cissmjg	clipsinterface	1	
patriciats23	clinicadental	1	
dkaufman	clicksql	1	
wegster	clib2	0	Developer
theantony	clib2	0	
tfrieden	clib2	0	
sba	clib2	0	
obarthel	clib2	1	
hfrieden	clib2	0	
damato	clib2	0	
ptw419	cli-dasm	1	
espen	clg	1	
xdegaye	clewn	1	Project Manager
tysinsh	clematis	1	
vsprog	clear-box	0	Developer
purplechap	clear-box	1	Project Manager
davidhutton	clear-box	0	Tester
caj	clear-box	0	Editorial/Content Writer
willum	cleanux	1	Developer
torstein	cleanux	1	Developer
lethevert	cleanoptenv	1	
blackhorus	cleanhandler	1	
wiering	cleangl	1	
msorens	cleancode	1	
szuwalski	cle	1	Project Manager
daniel_yokomizo	clcl	1	Developer
virtualcasino	clawlib	0	Developer
shishio	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
mindstorm2600	clawlib	1	
jcguevarap	clawlib	1	All-Hands Person
cyberfreak	clawlib	0	Developer
bu_jiva18	clawlib	1	Developer
derijkp	classytcl	1	
jstevh	classviewer	1	Project Manager
jorge_guerra	classreader	1	
fikin	classmarshaling	1	
danikenan	classlocator	1	
avner78	classlocator	1	Developer
liviu_aurelian	classgraph	1	
oscarxie	classftp	1	
jackyamaza	classftp	0	Developer
hxs_handle	classftp	0	Analysis / Design
zack123	classfinder	0	Developer
wojtekmichalik	classfinder	0	Developer
tmorillas	classfinder	0	Developer
sinan12	classfinder	0	
raul_ramirez	classfinder	0	Developer
qiaoc	classfinder	0	Developer
prometheas	classfinder	0	Developer
piotrekfronc	classfinder	0	Developer
paul-val-van-bc	classfinder	0	Developer
nikitakoselev	classfinder	0	Developer
mr_dhafer	classfinder	0	Developer
mmallia	classfinder	0	Developer
miguel_delgado	classfinder	0	Developer
lu_li	classfinder	1	Developer
johntsiokos	classfinder	0	Developer
jbatko	classfinder	0	Developer
jasonli_uk	classfinder	0	Developer
ixub	classfinder	0	Developer
hgbentley	classfinder	0	Developer
henrywong_75	classfinder	0	Developer
giulio79	classfinder	0	Developer
georgievh	classfinder	0	Developer
g6liu	classfinder	0	Developer
elation	classfinder	1	Project Manager
dekaaked	classfinder	0	Developer
clyde008	classfinder	0	Developer
boguslawfraszko	classfinder	0	Developer
blourencolopes	classfinder	0	Developer
bebe700	classfinder	0	Developer
andrey_goodman	classfinder	0	Developer
acme	classfile-perl	1	
tanmaykm	classeditor	1	
rcromer	classbrowser	1	
holding-account	class-suite	1	
ozterminal	claro	1	Developer
marshals	claro	0	Developer
gianp	claro	1	Developer
sphair	clanlib	1	Developer
rombust	clanlib	0	Developer
mstarch	clanlib	1	Developer
japj	clanlib	1	Developer
emu	cl-sdl	1	Project Manager
aerique	cl-sdl	1	Developer
binary_w0lf	cl-matrix	1	
emu	cl-ldap	1	
r790	cl-edit	1	
stefanbjarni	cl-eclispe	1	
rpelisse	ckjm	1	Unix Admin
ndox	ckjm	1	
dspin	ckjm	1	
loverdos	ckkl-core	1	
aton30	ckii1	1	
nudge	cjavaipc	1	
zebdefrar	cjan	1	Developer
perja	cjan	0	Analysis / Design
michael_davey	cjan	1	Project Manager
gregor42	cjan	1	Analysis / Design
btol45	cjan	1	Project Manager
lordvitto	citric	1	Graphic/Other Designer
garethnelsonuk	citric	1	Developer
sticksoftware	circularslider	1	
derletztekick	circlefitting3d	1	
ronounours	cimg	1	Project Manager
matley	cilk	1	
jng	cilk	1	
bradleykuszmaul	cilk	1	
georgeck	cil-parser	1	Project Manager
anncatherine	cil-parser	0	Developer
silverlime	cigmas	1	Project Manager
nickel	cigmas	1	Developer
thorstenhell	cids-toolkit	1	Project Manager
thofmann	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
pdihe	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
martinscholl	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
cismet	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
meterman	cidee	1	
wjbaird	cidc	1	
alessage	ciclope	1	
mcarro	ciaoprolog	1	
clip	ciaoprolog	1	Developer
noyasoft	chttpclient	1	
levicm	chronometer	1	
chickenmoo	chrono	1	Project Manager
mlipper	chronicj	1	
mararsh	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
lilygliding	chong2see	1	All-Hands Person
thierry_benoist	choco	1	Developer
njussien	choco	1	Project Manager
menana	choco	0	Developer
laburthe	choco	1	Project Manager
hadrien	choco	1	Developer
grochart	choco	1	Developer
g_richaud	choco	0	Developer
cprudhom	choco	1	Developer
arnaud_m	choco	0	Developer
chobit	chobits	1	All-Hands Person
drake42	chlorine	1	
randomskk	chisel	0	Developer
ajduncan_1	chisel	1	
alan_borsato	chiron	1	
wtblanchard	chiphpug	0	Developer
webdevguy1	chiphpug	0	Developer
tabbey	chiphpug	1	Project Manager
susfour	chiphpug	1	Developer
richardlynch	chiphpug	1	
plural	chiphpug	0	Developer
nolastowe	chiphpug	0	Developer
k8lin	chiphpug	0	Developer
jhawkinsaccp	chiphpug	0	
harkins	chiphpug	0	Developer
fawadhalim	chiphpug	0	
doshhar	chiphpug	0	Developer
coneill	chiphpug	0	Developer
ankurpatel78	chiphpug	0	
chipt	chip	1	
tim3pagden	chinook	1	
jonshute	chimputil	1	
timdale	chimpinstall	0	Tester
steveconlan	chimpinstall	0	Developer
jonshute	chimpinstall	1	
bdhooper	chimpinstall	0	
aiue3	chimaira-xion	1	
ghoot	chiki	1	Project Manager
rhymed	chickenscratch	1	All-Hands Person
bedick	chgpw	1	
chebmaster	chepersy	1	
suranyami	chello	0	
skc	chello	1	Developer
ccambien	chello	1	Project Manager
marbro	cheiron	1	
micahcowan	check	0	Developer
hugo303	check	1	Project Manager
cpickett	check	1	Developer
jjsimas	chart2d	1	Project Manager
sargon_master	chart-taglibs	0	Developer
sacevedom	chart-taglibs	0	Developer
katel	chart-taglibs	1	Developer
mschulze_99	charpoly	1	
frankbuss	charon	1	
kiplingw	charlieface	1	
zeram	chaosengine	0	Doc Writer
xsarinx	chaosengine	1	Web Designer
pjenvey	chaosengine	0	Unix Admin
meyek	chaosengine	0	Developer
masilis	chaosengine	1	Analysis / Design
emoe	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
cmang	chaosengine	0	All-Hands Person
ceiled	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
fastdragon	channelmanager	1	Developer
deanhiller	channelmanager	0	
dadrox	channelmanager	0	Developer
chaopsychochick	channelmanager	0	Developer
cac_yxu	channelmanager	0	Developer
cac_qjiang	channelmanager	0	Developer
cac_hjiang	channelmanager	0	Developer
ameetkulkarni	channelmanager	0	Developer
glongman	changespy	1	
jgilbertsjc	change-mgmt	1	
paul_meyers	chameleonskin	1	Developer
bernardfrancois	chameleonskin	1	
rminnich	chamatools	0	Developer
matts22	chamatools	1	
f2f	chamatools	0	Developer
h_wilkinson	chalten	1	
ebekker	chai	1	
cgprof	cgprof	1	
uotremel	cgnspp	0	Developer
manuelkessler	cgnspp	1	Project Manager
strarup	cgmuscle	0	
platypuus	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
juddsimantov	cgmuscle	1	Project Manager
dramaticdigital	cgmuscle	0	
devoid1	cgl-class	1	
mshiltonj	cgi-test	1	
cmilett	cgi-plus-plus	1	
irperez	cgewrapper	1	Project Manager
fireangel	cgewrapper	1	Developer
pladams9	cgcps	1	
jasonw754	cg-phpdoc	1	All-Hands Person
zizz1	cfgparser	1	
v_pecinka	cfgparser	1	
koko007	cfgparser	0	Graphic/Other Designer
burlog	cfgparser	1	
kxmode	cfxml-forum	1	Developer
bean-bag	cfunctions	1	
jimcollins	cfsynergy	1	
seeplusplus	cfour	1	
cforgeleader	cforge	1	Developer
orbwave	cfobjects	1	
mihi	cfml	0	Developer
luxux	cfml	0	Developer
dr_maux	cfml	1	Project Manager
guyou	cflow2vcg	1	Project Manager
hamgert	cfiframe	1	
haddons	cfiframe	1	Project Manager
dmgass	cfgparse	1	
jsutton	cfglitch	1	Project Manager
bakoonet	cffbasic	1	
gamescoper	cfagcms	1	
jword	cfactory	1	
cf2jsp	cf2jsp	1	
glennrp	cexcept	1	
cosmin	cexcept	1	
maynardd	cetools	1	
twigletmac	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
pg_tip	cereal-web-kit	0	
patrige	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
mgruff	cereal-web-kit	1	Developer
jasonlotito	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
feyddevnet	cereal-web-kit	1	Project Manager
bweirdan	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
webgroupmedia	cerberus-kb	1	
patrick_reilly	cep	0	Doc Writer
millergh	cep	0	Project Manager
jaxn	cep	1	
futuraworkz	cep	1	Developer
atuining	ceodbc	1	
stargazerm	centum	0	Graphic/Other Designer
sirmasi120	centum	0	Doc Writer
schombert	centum	1	All-Hands Person
cancered	centum	0	Web Designer
luxspes	cemanahuatl	1	Developer
chochos	cemanahuatl	0	
bzinchenko	cellsheet	1	
lvcq	cellosi	0	Developer
hemareddy	cellosi	1	
nickerso	cellml	1	All-Hands Person
volker_reichel	celldb	0	Developer
paulkuit	celldb	1	
hacker-one	cellautomatalib	1	
twiad	celengine	1	Developer
styxo	celengine	1	Project Manager
rtimm	celengine	1	Project Manager
noteventime	celengine	1	Developer
andyze	celengine	1	Project Manager
schoenborno	cehtl	1	
cehbab	cehnet	1	
dbrower	ceespot	1	
zappo	cedet	1	No specific role
surajacharya	cedet	0	Developer
sekissov	cedet	0	Developer
safanaj	cedet	0	Developer
ponced	cedet	0	Developer
pkinnucan	cedet	0	Developer
kpoxman	cedet	0	Developer
kiniry	cedet	0	Developer
joakimv	cedet	0	Developer
emacsman	cedet	0	Developer
berndl	cedet	0	Developer
airboss	cedet	0	Developer
jbevain	cecil	1	
abretz	ceb	1	
gtokas	cdx10	0	Developer
wasteland	cdx	0	Developer
pyabo	cdx	0	Developer
play	cdx	0	Developer
nappsulze	cdx	0	Developer
mindcry	cdx	0	Developer
mcunha	cdx	0	Developer
l99057j	cdx	0	Developer
karasu	cdx	0	Developer
janni	cdx	0	Developer
istan	cdx	1	Project Manager
hebertjo	cdx	0	Developer
greven	cdx	0	Developer
fireangel	cdx	0	Developer
codingman	cdx	0	Developer
coderdude	cdx	0	Developer
bsimser	cdx	1	Project Manager
borfast	cdx	0	Developer
alantar	cdx	0	
mlescuyer	cdt-contrib	0	
gowinex	cdt-contrib	0	
edgar_grimberg	cdt-contrib	0	
dougschaefer	cdt-contrib	1	
topcall	cdsd	1	
nnosov	cdl	1	
dpgigorro	cdkpp	1	Developer
dmagrom	cdkpp	1	Developer
zzzgggrrr	cdk	0	Developer
yz237	cdk	0	Developer
yongquan	cdk	0	Developer
wegner	cdk	0	Developer
vedina	cdk	0	Developer
ulif	cdk	0	Developer
tohel	cdk	0	Developer
thomaskuhn	cdk	0	Developer
telto	cdk	0	Developer
tashiro	cdk	0	Developer
sushil_ronghe	cdk	0	Developer
sulev	cdk	0	Developer
stomkinson	cdk	0	Developer
steinbeck	cdk	1	Project Manager
speleo3	cdk	0	Developer
sithmein	cdk	0	Developer
singh81	cdk	0	Developer
shk3	cdk	1	Developer
sea36	cdk	0	Developer
sarefo	cdk	0	Developer
reyez	cdk	0	Developer
revilo2208	cdk	0	Developer
rajarshi	cdk	1	Developer
petermr	cdk	0	Developer
pansanel	cdk	0	Developer
ospjuth	cdk	0	Developer
nprakash	cdk	0	Developer
nikodem	cdk	0	Developer
nielsout	cdk	0	Developer
mlemaudit	cdk	0	Developer
miguelrojasch	cdk	0	Developer
migueljmol	cdk	0	Developer
mfe4	cdk	0	Developer
mesprague	cdk	0	Developer
mekovich	cdk	0	Developer
martitm	cdk	0	Developer
mario_baseda	cdk	0	
labarta	cdk	0	Developer
kaihartmann	cdk	0	Developer
jonalv	cdk	0	Developer
jhpennwv	cdk	0	Developer
jharter	cdk	0	Developer
hantek	cdk	0	Developer
gilleain	cdk	0	Developer
fultoncr	cdk	0	Developer
f_marighetti	cdk	0	
egonw	cdk	1	Project Manager
edgarl	cdk	0	Developer
drzz	cdk	0	Developer
dleidert	cdk	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
djiao	cdk	0	Developer
dirk49	cdk	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	cdk	0	Developer
dav10	cdk	0	Developer
chhoppe	cdk	0	Developer
bipinbihari	cdk	0	Developer
billyfish	cdk	0	Developer
bhadreshp	cdk	0	Developer
archvile18	cdk	0	Developer
akrassavine	cdk	0	Developer
zagor	cdjlib	1	Unix Admin
robertforss	cdjlib	0	Developer
perty	cdjlib	1	Developer
matsl	cdjlib	0	Developer
matsh	cdjlib	0	Developer
linus_nielsen	cdjlib	0	No specific role
ingrid	cdjlib	0	Developer
hahe	cdjlib	0	Developer
greythorn	cdjlib	1	Developer
dmarell	cdjlib	1	Developer
benny_h	cdjlib	0	Developer
cdiv	cdiv	1	
thebosm	cdis	1	
che_fox	cddb-py	1	
temam	cccpf	0	Developer
gfursin	cccpf	1	
ccrouzet	ccxsitoolkit	1	
cnlohr	ccursor	1	
axlecrusher	ccursor	1	Developer
ajlohr270	ccursor	0	
plund	ccull	1	
maxime2	ccull	1	
inovick	ccull	1	
marshak2	ccspellchk	1	
mhowlett	ccpgplot	1	
trident	ccounter	1	Project Manager
psylented	ccode	1	Project Manager
shackelford	ccmdev	1	
jkyamog	ccmdev	1	
arguepr	ccmdev	0	Developer
waazom	cclip	1	Project Manager
jlinoff	ccdoc	1	All-Hands Person
suyog	ccaudio	0	
richbodo	ccaudio	1	
dyfet	ccaudio	1	
dago	ccaudio	0	
blackpaw	ccard	1	
bignester	ccap	1	
danielcrawshay	cbusserver	1	
cfelaco	cbrowser	1	
brulow	cbits	1	All-Hands Person
beansv6	cbitlib	1	
stripwax	cbccl	0	Developer
carstenbreuer	cbccl	1	
arturo_rotondo	capstoneproject	1	
canf	canfproyects	1	
virgiltrasca	cameleonproject	1	
alibaabaa	calendar	1	
nirvdrum	cayenne	0	Developer
mshenga	cayenne	0	Developer
mkienenb	cayenne	0	Developer
mensk	cayenne	1	All-Hands Person
halset	cayenne	0	Developer
ericschneider	cayenne	0	Developer
cris	cayenne	0	Developer
cmiskell	cayenne	0	Developer
blacknext	cayenne	0	Developer
bdudney	cayenne	0	Developer
ashapochka	cayenne	0	Developer
adeshazor	catura	1	
jbm4ever	catspeed	1	
shodan123	catmother	1	
naaier	catmother	1	Developer
kajala	catmother	1	
gospel_virus	catmother	1	
golddevilfish	catmother	1	Developer
maxkr	cati	1	
myddrin	cathbad	1	
minus273	catb-bg	1	
kaloian	catb-bg	1	
joeenfield	catalysislink	1	
jeffmoore	catalysislink	1	
felixls	catalognow	1	All-Hands Person
tazzoli	cat	0	Developer
giovanni_giorgi	cat	1	Developer
paul_meyers	casualskin	1	Developer
bernardfrancois	casualskin	1	
patrickvankann	castor-taglib	1	
tobias_hauz	cassandra	1	Project Manager
thomasw1	cassandra	0	Developer
thomas_scharke	cassandra	0	Developer
thomas_rieger	cassandra	0	Developer
stefan_meyer	cassandra	0	Developer
robert_stindl	cassandra	0	All-Hands Person
michael_lindig	cassandra	0	Developer
matthias1707	cassandra	0	Developer
martin_aubele	cassandra	1	Project Manager
marco_miedl	cassandra	0	Developer
jinxu	cassandra	0	Developer
helmut_stoick	cassandra	0	Developer
heiko_wolf	cassandra	1	Project Manager
flabes	cassandra	0	Unix Admin
blixa	cassandra	0	Developer
andreas_granzer	cassandra	0	Project Manager
andreas_eidmann	cassandra	1	Project Manager
stephenhu	caspython	1	
nikgus	casilda	1	
ceharris414	casclient	1	
burzmali	carthag	1	
sunmaster2020	carsovu	1	Developer
malversan	carpe	1	
kaokart	cardboard	1	
goneaway	carbonkernel	1	Project Manager
wynholds	carbonfive	1	
swebster	carbonfive	0	
sivoh	carbonfive	1	Developer
sborgeso	carbonfive	1	
jahlonzo	carbonfive	1	
vidyaiyer	carbonado	0	Developer
sunny_g	carbonado	0	Developer
keller_tl	carbonado	0	Developer
justrudd	carbonado	0	Developer
jameswil	carbonado	0	Developer
fangchen	carbonado	0	Developer
dondo_seattle	carbonado	1	Developer
denizh	carbonado	0	Developer
deflaux	carbonado	0	Developer
darose	carbonado	0	Developer
broneill	carbonado	1	Developer
bcastill	carbonado	0	Developer
annlewis	carbonado	0	Developer
tmarti	carbon	0	Developer
powercrazy	carbon	1	
jdreed	carbon	1	Developer
isdhir	carbon	0	Developer
ghinkl	carbon	1	Project Manager
dvoet	carbon	1	Developer
cmicali	carbon	1	
cherro	carbon	1	Project Manager
araman	carbon	0	Developer
pod9160	carbine	1	
skrauss	car-dsp	1	
bluefoxicy	capsaicin	1	Web Designer
micethomas	caps-toggle	1	
bearmini	capellini	1	
stevecassidy	cantcl	1	
pascalscheffers	cantcl	1	Developer
volodya	canonscanner	1	
salvestrini	canonscanner	0	Developer
nrutman	canonscanner	0	Developer
kzmi	canonscanner	0	Developer
eppesuig	canonscanner	0	Developer
zone	canny	1	Developer
szougari	caniswing	1	
hobb0001	candygram	1	
amuino	candy4appfuse	1	
virtualjay	camtrivia	1	Developer
ethryx	camtrivia	1	
robertmm	camprocessor	1	All-Hands Person
nagolusidhartha	camprocessor	0	Developer
drrwebber	camprocessor	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
yrashk	camomile	0	Developer
yori	camomile	1	
mattam	camomile	0	Developer
yori	camldt	0	
soutaro	camldt	1	
stennie	camelpack	1	Developer
rkobes	camelpack	0	Developer
fireartist	camelpack	0	Developer
dagolden	camelpack	0	Developer
adamkennedy	camelpack	0	Developer
uberto	camelos	1	Project Manager
paolorossi	camelos	0	Developer
decko	camelos	1	Project Manager
caunt	camelos	0	Developer
andrea_magni	camelos	0	Developer
yotamabramson	camellia	0	Developer
steux	camellia	1	All-Hands Person
ghorayeb	camellia	0	
delaunay	camellia	0	Developer
bogdanflorin	camellia	0	
alex_iliasov	cama	1	Project Manager
alexili	cama	1	
calmosoft	calmosoft	1	
gsaielli	calleridsuite	1	
jsedwards	calc-o-matic	1	
pbhaniramka	cal	1	
lycj	cake	1	
aksergey	cairngormflex	1	
ayhan	cahitarf	1	
cahaya	cahaya-asas	1	
gfk	cafeine	1	
wsuchewie	cadkit	1	Developer
tfurlong	cadkit	0	
pep4	cadkit	1	Project Manager
jsconner	cadkit	0	Developer
jeadams3	cadkit	0	Tester
imikejackson	cadkit	0	Developer
hmullens	cadkit	0	Developer
ashish_cy	cadkit	0	Developer
ncenginear	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
kanotspell	cadditives	1	All-Hands Person
el3v3n	cadb	1	
miyachi	cactus4enhydra	1	
emergetw	cachew	1	
naushin	cachedjarloader	0	Developer
francisabooth	cachedjarloader	1	
berserk_stern	caboquinho	1	No specific role
the_earl	c681xbots	1	All-Hands Person
dwalters	c681xbots	1	Developer
dbergerson	c681xbots	0	Developer
vermavee	c4m	1	All-Hands Person
svwright	c4for	1	
rener	c2iexplorer	1	All-Hands Person
marvinr	c2html	1	
the_shade	c-y-a	0	Developer
syeoh	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
rcolbey	c-y-a	1	Project Manager
mvm313	c-y-a	0	Graphic/Other Designer
kasprowb	c-y-a	0	Developer
hugeeuge	c-y-a	0	Developer
hangster	c-y-a	0	Developer
fred14214	c-y-a	0	Developer
rtremsal	c-open-smpp-34	1	Developer
martolong	c-open-smpp-34	0	Developer
andras	c-minuit	1	
marciof	c-library	1	
xexuxjy	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
rob_tice	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
ralphlevan	jzjkit	1	Developer
ianibbo	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
adamdickmeiss	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
sandpipermidi	jydt	0	Developer
red-robin	jydt	1	Project Manager
romeu_pieritz	jyaalib	1	
kevem	jxutil	1	Project Manager
thomasp20	jxunit	0	Developer
sudeshsoni	jxunit	1	Developer
sarjana	jxunit	0	No specific role
rleftwich	jxunit	0	Developer
pliang	jxunit	0	Developer
matsh	jxunit	0	
evarga	jxunit	0	Developer
davekeller	jxunit	0	
blaforge	jxunit	1	
bgpalmer	jxunit	0	Developer
avollmer	jxunit	0	Developer
binkley	jxul2	1	
paul_galbraith	jxsql	1	
a_lumyanski	jxsd	1	
thomasp20	jxquick	0	
sudeshsoni	jxquick	1	Developer
simonstl	jxquick	1	
sarjana	jxquick	0	
rleftwich	jxquick	0	
madheshr	jxquick	0	
kumara	jxquick	0	
jaronson	jxquick	0	
dtauzel	jxquick	1	
damieng	jxquick	0	
blaforge	jxquick	1	
as_tiwari	jxquick	0	
theovlastuin	jxpfw	0	Developer
rensvanleeuwen	jxpfw	0	
nuub666	jxpfw	0	Developer
martijnbaels	jxpfw	0	Developer
keess	jxpfw	1	Project Manager
kdwaard	jxpfw	0	
herman74	jxpfw	0	Developer
gousemohiuddin	jxpfw	0	Developer
arieroy	jxpfw	0	Developer
rvillaver	jxn	1	
psi_ag_toff	jxmlguibuilder	0	
pkoeker	jxmlguibuilder	1	Developer
lakerius	jxmlguibuilder	0	Tester
kknobloch	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
kakienitz	jxmlguibuilder	1	Project Manager
ikunin	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
govobjdevmaster	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
bubi	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
fredgilbert	jxmleditor	1	Project Manager
tunemn1	jxml	0	Developer
kswarts	jxml	1	Project Manager
sseaman	jxmenu	1	
kingb_98	jxm	1	
kirkh	jxhtml	1	Project Manager
jimmikebowden	jxhtml	0	Developer
jgreen6	jxhtml	1	Support Manager
nivekh	jxconfig	1	
sseaman	jxbre	1	Project Manager
ccuilla	jxbeans	1	
dmusicant	jws-plugin-auth	1	
dev_sushant	jwriter	1	
hal__	jworkfloweditor	1	
mungady	jworkbook	1	
greenbacker	jwords	1	
hardywoody	jwoody	1	
w_ready99	jwizardcmponent	1	
roock	jwikiplatform	1	
rodrigomalara	jwf	0	Developer
nikder	jwf	0	Developer
brindy	jwf	1	
sjooseng	jwebdir	1	
dmcabrera	jweaver	1	
quicksilver62	jweather	0	Developer
ndjones	jweather	0	
kellerds	jweather	0	Developer
arimus	jweather	1	Project Manager
infogest	jwe	1	Project Manager
seebass	jwarp	1	Developer
mschaefer	jwarp	1	Developer
bantle	jwarp	1	Developer
atr	jwarp	1	Project Manager
sfloess	jwaretechniques	0	All-Hands Person
paulebob	jwaretechniques	1	
roock	jwamutil	1	
rbeeger	jwamutil	1	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamutil	1	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamutil	1	Developer
js1984	jwamutil	1	Project Manager
joernkoch	jwamutil	1	Developer
hschwentner	jwamutil	0	Developer
carola	jwamutil	1	Developer
roock	jwamtoolconstr	1	
rbeeger	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
jwamenvironment	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
js1984	jwamtoolconstr	1	Project Manager
hschwentner	jwamtoolconstr	0	Developer
roock	jwamforms	1	
rbeeger	jwamforms	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamforms	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamforms	0	Developer
joernkoch	jwamforms	1	Project Manager
carola	jwamforms	0	Developer
rschmelzer	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
roock	jwamenvironment	1	
rbeeger	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamenvironment	1	Project Manager
joernkoch	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
carola	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
becker-pechau	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
roock	jwamdomainvalue	1	
rbeeger	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
kornstaedt	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
jwamenvironment	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
js1984	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
joernkoch	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
hschwentner	jwamdomainvalue	0	Developer
carola	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
ashley-y	jvm-bridge	1	Project Manager
artemgr	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
aanno	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
andreagoethals	jviz	1	
jedi_mbe	jvinspector	1	Project Manager
arbi	jvf	1	
enkaynat	jversatile	1	
wpostma	jvcl	0	Developer
uschuster	jvcl	0	Developer
sverige	jvcl	0	Developer
remkobonte	jvcl	0	Developer
rbraasem	jvcl	0	Developer
rayspostbox3	jvcl	0	Developer
progdigy	jvcl	0	Developer
peter3	jvcl	0	Developer
outchy	jvcl	0	Developer
osdm	jvcl	0	Developer
ogiesen	jvcl	0	Developer
obones	jvcl	1	Project Manager
mthoma	jvcl	1	No specific role
marquardt	jvcl	0	Developer
kaju74	jvcl	0	Developer
jfudickar	jvcl	0	Developer
jedi_mbe	jvcl	0	Developer
ivan_ra	jvcl	0	Developer
infofred	jvcl	0	Developer
heinzz	jvcl	0	Developer
grenzi_r	jvcl	0	Developer
flyingboy	jvcl	0	Developer
emolendijk	jvcl	0	Developer
elahn	jvcl	0	Developer
cycocrew	jvcl	0	Developer
casterle	jvcl	0	Developer
beckmi	jvcl	1	Project Manager
asnepvangers	jvcl	0	Developer
ahuser	jvcl	0	Developer
acsoftware	jvcl	0	Doc Writer
mlavergn	jvb	1	
driehle	jvalue	1	
mikewill_1998	jvalid	1	Project Manager
balsterm	jvalid	0	Developer
tbuckel	jvalann	1	
lucrus	justrun	1	Project Manager
neilweber	jurvis	1	
fretful	jupdatellibrary	1	
tripplea	jupdate	0	Developer
lostmybrain	jupdate	1	Project Manager
heavenfighter	jupdate	0	Developer
mtnygard	junitservlet	1	Project Manager
hughleat	junitscript	1	
vraravam	junitrunner	1	Developer
rdolgov	junitrunner	1	
wdsgoe	junitpp	1	
stds	junitpp	1	All-Hands Person
dirkschreckmann	junitfaces	1	
dsundstrom	junitejb	1	
o_rossmueller	junitee	1	Project Manager
martinfr62	junitee	0	Developer
lhoriman	junitee	0	
kaila	junitee	0	Developer
ralfreddin	junitdoc	1	All-Hands Person
vmassol	junitbook	1	
thusted	junitbook	1	
ssilvert	junitbook	1	Developer
paranoid12	junitbook	1	Developer
felipeal	junitbook	1	Developer
vbossica	junit	0	Developer
kbeck	junit	1	
emeade	junit	1	Developer
egamma	junit	1	Developer
dsaff	junit	1	Developer
cmschmidt	junit	0	No specific role
clarkware	junit	0	
vbossica	junit-addons	1	Project Manager
c0demangler	jumptousage	1	
znerd	jump-math	1	
jeff_4747	jumlm	1	Project Manager
kahro	jumix	1	
steve_leach	julplus	1	
szegedia	julog	1	
vtt	jukebox4	1	
bradford	juicplusplus	1	
nimdok	jui	1	
beckchr	juel	1	
troyhebe	judy	1	Developer
baskins	judy	1	
tdunn	judo	1	
onotelli	juda	1	
niuton	juda	1	Developer
iotter	juca	1	Project Manager
andreasthiel	juca	1	
rgandhe	jtrackall	1	All-Hands Person
anonmark	jtrackall	1	
rsfoley	jtutilities	1	All-Hands Person
jiechau	jttt	1	
jeffkorn	jttt	1	Developer
aedil	jtts	1	
yedidia	jtt	1	
n-a-c-h	jtt	1	Developer
tignet	jtrustingssl	1	
marchy	jtreemap	1	Project Manager
jense128	jtreemap	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ekingulen	jtreemap	0	Developer
benoitx	jtreemap	1	Developer
basata	jtopas	1	
rsfoley	jtmapeditor	1	
svenib	jtlib	1	Developer
rzulauf	jtlib	1	Project Manager
breidecker	jtimepiece	1	
skuepper01	jthread	1	Developer
rhino-jthin	jthinado	1	
emilianb	jtheme	1	
mrmx	jtgl	1	
tabeckatwork	jtemporal	0	Developer
tabeck	jtemporal	1	
jke	jtemporal	1	Developer
wednesday	jtags	1	
dykstrom	jtags	1	Developer
evapgiron	jtad	1	Project Manager
escoem	jtad	1	Developer
shmir	jsystemtest	1	Project Manager
mukion	jsystemtest	0	
guy_arieli	jsystemtest	1	
gderazon	jsystemtest	1	Project Manager
tguinther	jsynch	1	
pjjt	jsxml	1	Developer
an2478	jsutils	1	
niko_schmuck	jsurfer	1	Project Manager
axelcl	jsurfer	1	Tester
egoodwin	jstress	0	
djw	jstress	1	Developer
cwensel	jstress	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
natehop	jstracer	1	
madleyreeves	jstorm	1	
mpalmerlee	jstoolbox	1	
rupertlssmith	jsr203nio2	1	
nciaravola	jstm	1	Developer
mflament	jstm	0	
lbroussal	jstm	1	Developer
cyplm	jstm	1	
daisuke-maki	jsthread	1	Developer
jstdio	jstdio	1	
pcauto	jstatemachine	1	
dixitsandeep	jstatemachine	1	
mensk	jstaple	1	
sschz	jstags	1	
rouslank	jssrg	1	
iga	jssaver	1	
mariomac	jsrdrew	1	
joegtp	jsquashfs	1	Developer
kaeverens	jsquash	0	
cdonat	jsquash	1	
aramir	jsqlbuilder	1	
brainoffline	jspxtags	1	
mrwooly	jspunit	1	
dcorbin	jspunit	1	
teknopaul	jsptemplate	1	
niki	jsptags	0	
m5sedan	jsptags	1	
epesh	jsptags	1	
cybermike	jsptags	1	
clevans	jsppp	1	
riazmd	jspin	1	
pmichalek	jsphere	1	
gbrault	jspdoc	1	
ibrahimov	jsonifier	1	
tmyrtle	json	0	Developer
didosevilla	json	1	
psteix	jsmeg	1	
mikeed	jsmeg	1	
firstcyberdemon	jsmeg	1	
altctrldel	jsmartdepend	1	
activeleo	jsmartdepend	1	Project Manager
roeschter	jslwin	1	
ffm	jslogger	1	
ktorn	jsite	1	Project Manager
usefulthings	jsimplex	1	Project Manager
gsu_osdg_isdept	jsimplex	1	Project Manager
agarza	jshttptest	1	
djkhan	jshare	1	
pak25	jshadow	1	
therandthem	jsh	0	Developer
taweili	jsh	0	Developer
medavidson	jsh	1	Project Manager
hchacha	jsh	0	Developer
francisandre	jsh	0	
collin_g	jsh	1	Project Manager
blured	jsh	0	Developer
biddappa270478	jsfukti	1	
limin9	jsftab	1	
agfitzp	jseditor	1	Developer
adinu	jseditor	1	
wubo	jsedit	1	
merc64	jsedit	0	Developer
jlawrence	jsedit	0	Developer
fischeo	jsedit	0	Project Manager
ispeters	jscyther	1	
tom_tessier	jscroll	1	
pfil	jscroll	0	
mossop	jscreen	1	
ajaxforms	jscore	1	
as6o	jscope	1	
rouel1222	jscmt	0	
delano	jscmt	0	
clim1219	jscmt	1	Project Manager
sfatehi	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
jumper45	jscan	1	All-Hands Person
zenon48	jsassertunit	1	
svigna	jsap	0	Developer
mlamb	jsap	1	
jmutchek	jsap	0	Developer
robertsanders	jsai	1	
ransom2002	jsad	1	
smissan	js-sso	0	Developer
serg_main	js-sso	1	
mathewsheets	js-sdk	1	
takumi-h	js-commons	1	
smissan	js-common	0	Developer
serg_main	js-common	1	
smissan	js-cache	0	Developer
serg_main	js-cache	1	
soal	js-1ibre	1	
kreativez	jrwrapper	1	
khan_sultan	jrtm	1	All-Hands Person
meggleton	jrsyncwrapper	1	
whurley	jrobin	1	Project Manager
tarus	jrobin	1	Project Manager
saxon64	jrobin	1	Developer
rangerrick	jrobin	1	
noahcampbell	jrobin	0	
mhuot	jrobin	0	
djgregor	jrobin	0	Developer
dhustace	jrobin	1	Developer
cobralord	jrobin	0	Developer
brozow	jrobin	1	Developer
jrosik	jrmtool	0	Developer
gmur	jrmtool	1	Developer
wraym	jriva	1	
raduvanciu	jripples	1	All-Hands Person
petrenkomaxim	jripples	1	
tennant	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
roder	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
jvmjge	jrf	0	All-Hands Person
joncrlsn	jrf	1	All-Hands Person
rm242	jrexx	1	Developer
quadword718	jrexx	0	Web Designer
karneim	jrexx	1	Unix Admin
oboehm	jrequest	1	
dannyor	jremarks	1	
mjheikk2	jreleaser	1	Project Manager
micsa	jreleaser	1	
kootee	jreleaser	0	Developer
kesaniemi	jreleaser	0	Developer
akuorela	jreleaser	0	Developer
pil	jregression	1	Project Manager
mblasi	jregression	1	All-Hands Person
alcabon	jregexptester	1	Developer
samokhodkin	jregex	1	
roirex	jregedit	1	
babis	jreg	1	
jrealms	jrealms	0	Developer
janelee	jrealms	0	Developer
davidtsao	jrealms	1	Project Manager
ajavaguru	jrealms	1	Project Manager
yuanfang	jrdf	0	Developer
newmana	jrdf	1	Project Manager
kc7bfi	jras32	1	Project Manager
wingad	jquizmaker	1	
kse	jquickbase	1	
lmarkle	jquery	1	Developer
kdvolder	jquery	1	Project Manager
alexbradley	jquery	1	Developer
r_simoni	jqueen	1	Project Manager
nicanor	jquantify	1	
christoph_pickl	jpotpourri	1	
stefast	jpx	1	Project Manager
macksold	jpui	1	
florin_patrascu	jpublish	0	Developer
aeden	jpublish	1	Project Manager
ericbodden	jptoolkit	1	
wte	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
karschten	jptc	1	Developer
gianlucazaggia	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fpierre	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bagrehc	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
anton_slutsky	jptapi	1	All-Hands Person
nirpaz	jpt	1	
arfrei	jprose	0	Developer
apopovic	jprose	1	
anicoara	jprose	1	Project Manager
renardo22	jpropsedit	1	
pbloemendaal	jprops	1	
stevesgee	jprojecttime	1	
zagnar	jprogect	0	Developer
bomeyer	jprogect	0	Developer
billmair	jprogect	1	All-Hands Person
sunya	jpreferences	1	All-Hands Person
chenandr	jpreferences	1	
unixrootadmn	jpreference	1	Developer
linuxrootadmn	jpreference	0	Developer
devmonkey	jpreference	0	Developer
cpilsworth	jportaltemplate	1	
philips	jporta	0	Developer
minco	jporta	0	Developer
jackerm	jporta	1	
djwade	jporta	1	Project Manager
cleghorn	jporta	0	Developer
weakestlink	jpolls	1	All-Hands Person
samuelg	jpolls	0	Developer
pkreglicki	jpolls	0	Web Designer
osvaldo_andrade	jpolls	0	Developer
manasilonkar	jpolls	0	Developer
li_hua_yu	jpolls	0	Developer
iype	jpolls	0	Developer
esmiralha	jpolls	0	Developer
cysonic	jpolls	0	Developer
atretyakov	jpolls	0	Developer
crsadun	jpoller	1	
tfredrich	jpo	1	
dgschwind	jpo	0	
javamozdude	jpo-eclipse	1	
manthena	jpmonitor	1	
hargettp	jpm	1	
mike_werner	jpls	1	Developer
paulsingleton	jpl	1	Project Manager
fadushin	jpl	1	
jpki	jpkifontchooser	1	
srausch	jpk	1	Project Manager
zapodot	jpivot	0	
willgorman	jpivot	0	Developer
uramisten	jpivot	0	
stflourd	jpivot	0	
sgwood	jpivot	0	
sandeep_giri	jpivot	0	
robinbagot	jpivot	0	
remberson	jpivot	0	
qinhui99	jpivot	0	Developer
paullucas	jpivot	0	
parkerb	jpivot	0	
kunarief	jpivot	0	
jhyde	jpivot	0	
jacksonpd	jpivot	0	
hhaas	jpivot	0	
hbaier	jpivot	0	
ebuchner	jpivot	0	
barozzi	jpivot	0	
avix	jpivot	1	
ptitjes	jpictools	0	Developer
mvturnho	jpictools	0	All-Hands Person
klpauba	jpictools	1	
uree	jphysx	1	
dbrownell	jphoto	1	
trumpetinc	jpers	1	
nathanmeyers	jperfanal	1	
xcolwell	jpen	0	Developer
nicarran	jpen	1	
mbcudmore	jpen	0	Developer
infostuka	jpen	0	Developer
boson	jpeg2swf	1	
jamesp73	jpeeps	1	Developer
ramanajv	jpedal	0	Developer
markee174	jpedal	1	Developer
avaji	jpedal	0	
michelsanner	jpe	0	Developer
karve	jpe	0	
gillet	jpe	0	Developer
giacometti	jpe	1	All-Hands Person
kryst4l	jpattern	1	
efeller	jpattern	1	Developer
bflorat	jpattern	1	
filipefumaux	jpaspring	1	
cowand	jpalmdesktopfa	1	
sebesiech	jpa	1	
morgade	jotazul	1	
i_net_software	jortho	1	
gammagerry	jortho	0	No specific role
sm1979	jopenchart	1	Project Manager
andrewytf	jooone	1	
xharzej	joone	1	Project Manager
pmarrone	joone	1	Project Manager
lmanes	joone	0	Developer
julesnorman	joone	0	Developer
firestrand	joone	0	Developer
ferra4models	joone	0	Developer
cezden	joone	0	Developer
blujus	joone	0	Developer
r790	joomm	1	
joo_ru	joomatic	1	
rufwork	joneone	1	
sherold	jonbas	1	
jomasoft	jomamqtools	1	
tho23	jollector	1	
barrygently	joj	1	
prophecyslides	johndoe	1	
yannismurguet	joffad	0	Developer
straumat	joffad	1	Developer
sgoumard	joffad	1	Project Manager
odavy	joffad	0	
juangoncalves	joffad	1	Project Manager
hanzz	joffad	1	Developer
gabriel_	joffad	0	Developer
florentd	joffad	0	Developer
epinfo	joffad	1	Project Manager
wegner	joelib	1	Project Manager
nhfechner	joelib	0	All-Hands Person
maunza	joelib	0	Developer
hinselma	joelib	0	All-Hands Person
hina44	joelib	0	Developer
tradem	jode	0	Developer
seeksthemoon	jode	0	Developer
jnash67	jode	0	Developer
hoenicke	jode	1	
buchalka	jode	0	Developer
bernfarr	jode	0	Developer
asal	jode	0	Developer
najgor	jodd	1	Project Manager
seangeo	joda	0	Developer
scolebourne	joda	1	Project Manager
kandarp_shah	joda	0	Developer
gallard	joda	0	Developer
broneill	joda	1	Developer
andylehane	joda	0	Developer
scolebourne	joda-primitives	1	
maartenc	joda-primitives	0	Developer
heuermh	joda-primitives	0	Developer
jveljan	jocolibs	1	
crazycomputers	jobyx	1	All-Hands Person
angrob	jobyx	0	Tester
sunheng	jobman	1	
tobiaseriksson	jntservices	1	Developer
gilescope	jnormalform	1	Developer
thomasfr	jnlseditor	1	Project Manager
tomy	jniosocket	1	Developer
rahulkumar	jniosocket	1	
xyombie	jnf	1	
jcolson	jnetlib	1	Developer
gandralf	jndie	1	Developer
oj_returnnull	jncss4eclipse	1	All-Hands Person
thubby	jnative	1	Project Manager
mdenty	jnative	1	
fernando43	jnative	0	Developer
aphofstede	jnative	0	Developer
joa23	jmxunit	1	
sbate	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
ld1979	jmxtools	1	
lbroussal	jmxtools	0	Doc Writer
dv13090	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
yohanliyanage	jmxsoapcon	1	Project Manager
udaraau	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
rukshan_silva	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
n1tehawkz	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
chamila9	jmxsoapcon	0	Developer
jruesga	jmsmq	1	Project Manager
fatboychucky	jmsbrowser	1	
terfloth	jmove	1	Project Manager
miju	jmove	1	
cine	jmove	1	
rosbaldeston	jmousewheel	1	
mpowers	jmousewheel	1	
mhoesch	jmousewheel	1	Developer
dims	jmousewheel	1	
davidconnard	jmousewheel	1	Developer
blackdestiny	jmp	1	
jcwilk	jmod	0	
ggridin	jmobilecore	1	Project Manager
jmarch	jmn-lib	1	
hedrik	jmmcms	1	All-Hands Person
tschlabach	jmirage	1	
oferdor	jmighty	1	
midori	jmidoriservice	1	
tak	jmichelle	1	
nokamoto	jmichelle	1	
midori	jmichelle	1	Developer
iga	jmichelle	1	
a-san	jmichelle	1	
rvasa	jmetric	1	Developer
acain	jmetric	1	Developer
octograve	jmetarparser	1	
setera	jmechanic	1	
wklaas	jmeasurement2	1	
adamselene	jme-swt	1	
root84	jmdiframework	1	
mobilejava	jmbd	1	
jacky75	jmbd	0	Developer
extreme_logic	jmapi	1	
wiley-hacker	jmantools	1	
rosthum	jmachine	1	
kickboxr	jlsguest	1	
javaman	jlogger	1	
andymp	jlocator	1	
p_d_austin	jload	1	All-Hands Person
terrydye	jlo	1	Project Manager
amecky	jlo	1	
hao_wu00	jlm	1	Project Manager
coffeesoft	jlist2d	1	
toudiusz	jlinq	1	
crunchyfroggie	jlink	0	Web Designer
avian_freeware	jlink	1	
user57	jline	1	Developer
totem2004	jline	0	Developer
palminator	jline	0	
mprudhom	jline	1	Project Manager
avedusav	jline	0	Developer
jwy	jlib	1	
tlauinge	jlf	1	
lingni	jlense	1	Developer
emorning	jlense	1	
lordlust	jlcommand	1	
janelee	jlauncher	0	Doc Writer
davidtsao	jlauncher	1	Project Manager
ajavaguru	jlauncher	1	
aanand	jlauncher	0	Developer
mephidmann	jkurses	1	
iamd	jkompare	1	
alexyeo	jkernel	1	
johndavidtaylor	jjj	1	
ykruse	jjl	0	Developer
ganapathiram	jjl	0	Developer
darksun_shadow	jjl	0	Developer
blueapple2	jjl	1	
eddygtimegod	jiugua	1	Project Manager
cddcdd	jiugua	1	
tompte	jitter	0	Developer
runstang	jitter	1	Developer
rekhar	jitter	0	Developer
melissa168	jitter	0	Developer
jatsrt	jitter	1	Developer
glowe	jitter	1	Developer
xiaohaihua	jisue	1	
jaleibiusky	jiraconn	1	Developer
argenacho	jiraconn	1	Developer
kersing	jir	1	
mpf	jipsy	1	
dlegland	jipl	1	
balilla	jink	1	Project Manager
tcmiller	jinit	1	
shigeoka	jini-tools	1	Project Manager
comikozie	jimbovector3d	1	All-Hands Person
acneto	jim2mov	1	
jilia	jilia-editor	1	
pagardiner	jigso	1	
carlburch	jigsaw-ide	1	
aradeski	jiggle	1	
sconcha	jiframework	1	
joniles	jiffie	1	
ledesmafernando	jidec	1	
jaredhsieh	jicense	1	
ttlaitin	jicengine	1	
emyhre	jice	1	
briodev	jice-net	1	
icoba	jic	1	
rsk	jhtml	1	
ckirkendall	jhtml	0	Developer
laullon	jhecomponent	1	
draculak	jhc	1	
bpatters7	jgum	1	
hogie	jgt	1	
ssinclair2	jgrinder	0	Developer
sabernethy	jgrinder	0	Developer
jhr0771	jgrinder	0	Developer
ericrwilliams	jgrinder	0	All-Hands Person
dave_hoag	jgrinder	1	Project Manager
acoronasz	jgrinder	0	Project Manager
d_benson	jgpd	1	Project Manager
trifu	jgoose	0	Developer
szulman	jgoose	1	Developer
sven_luzar	jgoose	1	Project Manager
sourcebaer	jgoose	0	
phaller	jgoose	0	Developer
olafseng	jgoose	1	Project Manager
mtrifu	jgoose	0	Developer
moozet	jgoose	0	Developer
mkbauer	jgoose	1	Project Manager
genssler	jgoose	0	Developer
frankotto	jgoose	0	Developer
andriess	jgoose	1	Project Manager
ssamarug	jgml	1	
sreehari	jglue	1	
idevelopment	jglse	1	
soulfry	jgimp	1	No specific role
scrumpty	jgimp	1	Project Manager
ageitgey	jgimp	0	Developer
musheno	jgfgj	1	
matts22	jgep	1	
uwe_ewald	jgedit	1	
boardsonair	jgedcom	1	
ymenager	jgconfig	1	
davidahall	jga	1	
sunguilin	jfpl	1	
semios	jfunc	1	
pablod	jfuf	1	
ooktay	jfsm	1	Project Manager
willgorman	jfreereport	0	Developer
til77	jfreereport	0	Developer
taqua	jfreereport	1	Project Manager
ocke	jfreereport	0	Developer
mungady	jfreereport	1	No specific role
mimil	jfreereport	0	Developer
mdamour1976	jfreereport	0	Developer
jaosch	jfreereport	0	Developer
gmoran-pentaho	jfreereport	1	Distributor/Promoter
elassad	jfreereport	0	Developer
dmoran-pentaho	jfreereport	1	Developer
dkincade	jfreereport	1	All-Hands Person
wbleek	jfreeprofcenter	0	Developer
roock	jfreeprofcenter	1	
mlippert	jfreeprofcenter	0	Developer
taqua	jfreedesigner	1	
preira	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
mimil	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
jptavares	jfreedesigner	0	Developer
fjelmer	jfrace	1	
jfq	jfqengine	1	
fdolibois	jformular	1	Project Manager
sunil_ssm	jformmail	1	
pontifex	jformatter	1	No specific role
omx	jforce	1	Project Manager
ollix	jforce	1	Project Manager
zoeloeboeloe	jfontchooser	1	
rhickey	jfli	1	
nicklevine	jfli	0	Developer
andrewsquire	jfist	1	
mungady	jfinance	1	
jskress	jfilemerge	1	
syhrus	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
scheruga	jfileexplorer	1	Project Manager
rob-smith	jfileexplorer	0	Web Designer
kmohans	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
jgrant	jfileexplorer	0	Web Designer
gsergiu	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
bssahu	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
bsponline	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
fthiemonge	jfilechecker	1	
thewoolleyman	jfig	0	Developer
mdsimpson	jfig	0	Developer
mcbridem2004	jfig	0	
conradadam	jfig	0	Developer
bxconrad	jfig	1	Project Manager
crsadun	jffp	1	
phwang	jfern	0	Developer
martinfleurke	jfern	0	Developer
marni	jfern	1	
marcelbodewitz	jfern	0	Developer
larsehrler	jfern	0	Developer
bastintonyroy	jfern	0	
kknudsen	jfeedback	1	Developer
aeden	jfeedback	1	
vraravam	jfcunit	1	Developer
ritesht	jfcunit	0	Developer
mattc	jfcunit	1	
maomaode	jfcunit	0	Developer
kwilson227	jfcunit	1	Developer
kevin-duffey	jfcunit	0	Developer
akhmadov	jfortress	1	
vestrial	jfcfixtures	0	Developer
ipreuss	jfcfixtures	1	Project Manager
efficacy	jfcfixtures	0	No specific role
fbuchli	jfamix	1	
adriankuhn	jfamix	0	Developer
fredds	jezxmlconfig	1	
powelljf3	jext	1	Developer
orangeherbert	jext	1	Developer
jvanzyl	jext	0	Developer
jpz	jext	1	Developer
gfx	jext	1	Project Manager
duncandickinson	jext	1	Developer
bwinton	jext	1	Developer
blaisorblade	jext	1	Developer
amiller	jext	1	Developer
fabioruxo	jexml	1	
nrop	jexif	1	
tlowing	jeweltools	1	
trilobite	jetpp	0	Developer
paradoxnj	jetpp	1	Unix Admin
krouer	jetpp	0	Developer
kendeel	jetpp	0	Doc Writer
french_c	jetm	1	
wangtl	jetif	0	Developer
jetifadm	jetif	1	Project Manager
jalessandro	jethro	1	
angeladp	jethro	0	
aduain	jethro	0	
samuraisam	jet-pms	1	
hpxchan	jet-pms	0	
b_adele	jesuislibre	1	Developer
dgilliland62	jestr	1	Developer
roock	jester	0	
pholser	jester	0	Developer
ivan_r_moore	jester	1	Project Manager
elharo	jester	1	All-Hands Person
duncan	jester	1	All-Hands Person
compsi	jester	0	Developer
awr84	jestart	1	
treaves	jest	1	Developer
ctromble	jest	1	Developer
badzen	jest	1	Project Manager
oho	jesstab	0	Developer
hener	jesstab	1	
richier	jerrorreporter	1	
dbday	jerrorreporter	1	Project Manager
mjericho	jerichohtml	1	
holgermayer	jeremia	1	Project Manager
yoxallj	jequals	1	
mrjohnson0	jepp	1	Project Manager
albertstrasheim	jepp	0	Developer
paramythis	jenserad	1	Project Manager
stemeyda	jenni-jni	0	
mnewcomb	jenni-jni	1	
emarion	jempft	1	
roock	jemmyfixture	1	
kemp_c	jemmyfixture	1	Project Manager
fdios	jemar	1	
jmayrbaeurl	jellylauncher	1	Project Manager
willievu	jelly-httpunit	1	
bravo	jell	1	
plueschix	jeline	1	
jhereth	jeline	1	Tester
tpatke	jeldoclet	0	Developer
tomzwo	jeldoclet	1	Developer
jack_herrington	jeldoclet	1	Developer
pvlasov	jegustator	1	
jnockemann	jegl	1	
eduijs	jef	1	Developer
mariusso	jeez	0	
eric_sun	jeez	0	Project Manager
eric_suen	jeez	1	All-Hands Person
alexjunq	jeez	0	Project Manager
malyvelky	jeeutils	1	
philips	jeenius	0	Developer
jackerm	jeenius	1	
djwade	jeenius	1	Project Manager
cleghorn	jeenius	0	Developer
nakhli	jeditool	1	
zubow	jedit	0	Developer
yuyiwei	jedit	0	Developer
yafd	jedit	0	
wimlepage	jedit	0	
voxmea	jedit	0	Developer
voituk	jedit	0	Developer
vinodkiran	jedit	0	
vanza	jedit	0	Developer
vampire0	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
tibu	jedit	0	
themarshal	jedit	0	
svu	jedit	0	Developer
sutter2k	jedit	0	
sune_simonsen	jedit	0	Developer
steinbeck	jedit	0	
starglider	jedit	0	Developer
ssatguru	jedit	0	
ssaravanan	jedit	0	
spestov	jedit	1	Project Manager
sjakob	jedit	0	Developer
shlomy	jedit	0	Developer
seconddevil	jedit	0	Developer
schs	jedit	0	
scarlac	jedit	0	Developer
sasha-m	jedit	0	
saimonm	jedit	0	Developer
ruwi	jedit	0	
russelldad	jedit	0	
rschwenn	jedit	0	Content Management
rosebaby	jedit	0	Developer
roland-d	jedit	0	Web Designer
robmckinnon	jedit	0	
rickgibbs	jedit	0	
rfletch6	jedit	0	
retept	jedit	0	Developer
psridhar	jedit	0	Tester
polx	jedit	0	
pitje	jedit	0	
philipx	jedit	0	
pawnsushi	jedit	0	Developer
pavlikus	jedit	0	Developer
oswaldcz	jedit	0	Developer
orutherfurd	jedit	1	Developer
opster	jedit	0	
oliep	jedit	0	Developer
olearyni	jedit	1	Developer
nwdurcholz	jedit	0	Developer
nilojg	jedit	0	
nicarran	jedit	0	Developer
nathanjones	jedit	0	Developer
natet	jedit	0	Developer
naber	jedit	0	
n31l	jedit	0	Developer
murkles	jedit	0	Developer
mumak	jedit	0	
mrdon	jedit	0	
mkejzar	jedit	0	
mikeatkinson	jedit	0	Developer
mickthornhill	jedit	0	
mediumnet	jedit	0	Developer
mdillon	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
mattflower	jedit	0	
matt_etheridge	jedit	0	
marcohu	jedit	0	
malyvelky	jedit	0	Developer
maeste	jedit	0	Developer
luckyspin	jedit	0	
lio-sand	jedit	0	Developer
leeturner	jedit	0	
lbruand	jedit	0	Developer
lanciaux	jedit	0	
ksm	jedit	0	
k_satoda	jedit	0	Developer
krisko	jedit	0	Graphic/Other Designer
kpouer	jedit	1	Developer
ko5tik	jedit	0	
klmcw	jedit	0	
kerik-sf	jedit	0	Developer
keeleyt83	jedit	0	Developer
kdrew	jedit	0	
kaymi	jedit	0	
kaloth	jedit	0	Developer
jymen	jedit	0	
jpavel	jedit	0	Developer
joelaff	jedit	0	
jmadar	jedit	0	
jklap	jedit	0	
jiwils	jedit	0	Developer
jimbodean	jedit	0	
jigerjava	jedit	0	Developer
jgellene	jedit	0	
jduska	jedit	0	
jchoyt	jedit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jbwiv	jedit	0	Developer
iolalla	jedit	0	
imfree	jedit	0	Developer
ihewson	jedit	0	Developer
ian_lewis	jedit	0	Developer
ian_davis	jedit	0	
hertzhaft	jedit	0	Developer
halyavin	jedit	0	Developer
gsaffell	jedit	0	Developer
greghmerrill	jedit	0	
gregc	jedit	0	Developer
gerti	jedit	0	
gerardsmyth	jedit	0	Developer
francisdobi	jedit	0	Developer
ezust	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
eyebex	jedit	0	Developer
extreme66	jedit	0	Developer
ensonic	jedit	0	
eloyek	jedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
elberry	jedit	0	Developer
dwhall	jedit	0	Developer
dwayneb	jedit	0	Developer
duggaraju	jedit	0	
dstolerman	jedit	0	
donatas	jedit	0	
dobrien75	jedit	0	Developer
dmoebius	jedit	0	Developer
dkoryavov	jedit	0	
dhaskew	jedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
delvinj	jedit	0	Developer
dannydig	jedit	0	
daleanson	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
dajt	jedit	0	
cyu	jedit	0	
cwhitmore	jedit	0	
curoles	jedit	0	Developer
cswilly	jedit	0	
copy_paste	jedit	0	
cjkent	jedit	0	
chris_samuels	jedit	0	Developer
carsten_behring	jedit	0	
carmine	jedit	0	Developer
btateyama	jedit	0	Developer
bsiggelkow	jedit	0	
bsarsgard	jedit	0	
bryan_w_taylor	jedit	0	Developer
brik	jedit	0	
breaux	jedit	0	
blueyed	jedit	0	Developer
bhawkins1	jedit	0	
bemace	jedit	0	
beeky	jedit	0	
bambara	jedit	0	Developer
assuryan	jedit	0	Tester
arobert	jedit	0	Developer
ant-roy	jedit	0	Developer
antis0c	jedit	0	Developer
annauzi	jedit	0	Developer
andystreich	jedit	0	Developer
alevin	jedit	0	Developer
aklimets	jedit	0	Developer
akaplan	jedit	0	
afarello	jedit	0	
adrian_baker	jedit	0	Developer
oliverhe	jedit-syntax	1	All-Hands Person
marcel-boehme	jedit-syntax	1	
vampire0	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
spestov	jedit-plugins	1	
shlomy	jedit-plugins	0	Developer
roland-d	jedit-plugins	0	Web Designer
pawnsushi	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
orutherfurd	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
olearyni	jedit-plugins	1	
mdillon	jedit-plugins	1	All-Hands Person
kpouer	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jchoyt	jedit-plugins	1	Developer
ezust	jedit-plugins	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
daleanson	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
xquark	jedimath	0	
vfursov	jedimath	0	No specific role
tschaggelar	jedimath	0	Developer
thorsten_engler	jedimath	0	Developer
ralphkmuench	jedimath	1	Project Manager
pvanlaake	jedimath	0	Developer
mcongedo	jedimath	0	Developer
mavaughan	jedimath	0	Developer
jperez	jedimath	0	Developer
huesserp	jedimath	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
geoff8579	jedimath	0	Developer
djaenichen	jedimath	0	Developer
davidtaylor	jedimath	0	Developer
chriseyre2000	jedimath	1	Developer
carlokok	jedimath	0	Developer
blaszijk	jedimath	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
beckmi	jedimath	0	Support Manager
aniketbhatt	jedimath	0	No specific role
peterjhaas	jediapi	1	All-Hands Person
vfelberg	jeceira	1	Developer
sschwanitz	jeceira	0	Developer
kduske	jeceira	1	Developer
aparzev	jeceira	1	Project Manager
frenzieddragon	jeasytester	1	
vadimf	jeasy-do	1	Developer
kaa74	jeasy-do	1	Developer
dmukhin	jeasy-do	1	Developer
benzo	jeasy-do	1	Developer
andreykh	jdbreport-rt	1	
cbouleau	jdynamite	1	
aubinmahe	jdynamite	0	Developer
aviadlich	jdsf	1	Developer
ashevat	jdsf	1	
masogato	jdolplugin	1	
paton	jdolly	1	
sullis	jdollars	1	
sean_stuckless	jdna	1	Project Manager
martin_nichol	jdna	1	Project Manager
arawakcc	jdna	0	Developer
squishmeister	jdmi	1	
davjoh	jdmi	0	Developer
afsinb	jdlist	1	
webaholic	jdirectory	1	
vcm	jdirdiff	1	
gibran_g4	jdirdiff	1	Developer
cessd	jdirdiff	1	Developer
amgonzalez	jdirdiff	1	Developer
dwalend	jdigraph	1	All-Hands Person
yuvalsapir	jdigger	1	Developer
dannyor	jdigger	1	
steview	jdiagnose	0	
lydiardo	jdiagnose	0	Developer
dkfn	jdiagnose	1	
jade6	jdi	1	
rcleveng	jdevelopervss	1	
brian_duff	jdevelopervss	1	Developer
rsk	jdevelop	1	
a-gopal	jdepends	1	
urskr	jdemo	0	Developer
mgebha	jdemo	1	Developer
ipreuss	jdemo	0	
paulpes	jdeep	1	Developer
lorenzoradice	jdeep	0	Developer
francescomerlo	jdeep	0	Support Manager
e_capra	jdeep	0	Support Manager
dpaso	jdeep	1	Project Manager
pkinnucan	jdee	0	
phillip	jdee	0	
paullandes	jdee	1	Project Manager
lu-luxdo	jdee	0	Developer
lenbok	jdee	0	Developer
dliotev	jdee	0	Developer
ckonstanski	jdee	0	Developer
spemoorthy	jdecompiler	0	Developer
shiv123	jdecompiler	0	Developer
raaki_88	jdecompiler	0	Developer
over10pd	jdecompiler	1	
itmpras	jdecompiler	0	Developer
fdfalcon	jdecompiler	0	Developer
oliviertexier	jdeapi	1	
gates666	jdeapi	1	Developer
sgandotra	jdbv	0	
sandraorion	jdbv	1	Developer
querybyexample	jdbv	1	Developer
larknox	jdbv	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
jrarick4777	jdbv	0	
cvs_udayk	jdbv	0	No specific role
bschoudel	jdbv	1	Developer
brisid	jdbv	1	Project Manager
jleiva	jdbhelper	1	
pgrunik	jdbforms	1	Developer
pbanderson	jdbforms	0	Doc Writer
noremac	jdbforms	0	Developer
nicparise	jdbforms	0	Developer
nealkatz	jdbforms	0	Developer
mrsermore	jdbforms	0	Developer
menulis	jdbforms	0	Developer
johngagon	jdbforms	0	Developer
joepeer	jdbforms	1	Developer
jdp1120	jdbforms	1	Developer
javajunkie	jdbforms	0	Developer
ivanfm	jdbforms	0	Developer
hkollmann	jdbforms	1	Developer
fzimper	jdbforms	0	Developer
foxat	jdbforms	0	Developer
dikr	jdbforms	1	Developer
dhorkoff	jdbforms	0	Developer
dep4b	jdbforms	0	Developer
codarin	jdbforms	0	Developer
zmieff	jdbf	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
mayur_naik	jdbf	0	Support Manager
lechertl	jdbf	0	Analysis / Design
gmartone	jdbf	1	Project Manager
giabac	jdbf	0	Developer
farf	jdbf	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jeanlazarou	jdbcunit	1	
tavisbones	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
jrshaw	jdbcfacade	1	Project Manager
dwaninger	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
laranjinha	jdbase	0	Developer
jesusjc	jdbase	0	Developer
iceboyy	jdbase	0	Developer
fabio_patricio	jdbase	1	Project Manager
juanheyns	jdatepicker	1	
technobug	jdatabaseimport	1	
bobcousins	jdarth	0	
alancmoore	jdarth	1	
syzws	jcvs-ssl	1	
justfly_shi	jcutil	1	
auke_booij	jctic	1	
sinxxx	jctc	0	Developer
logicfish	jctc	1	
konczer	jctc	1	Web Designer
shaman-h_fel	jcsconvertor	1	
sage_sam	jcrud	1	
skyling	jcrontab	0	Web Designer
pfharris	jcrontab	0	Developer
kingjr3	jcrontab	0	Developer
iolalla	jcrontab	1	Project Manager
dep4b	jcrontab	0	Developer
weertj	jcrconnector	1	
mreis_at	jcr-webexplorer	0	Developer
hendrik_beck	jcr-webexplorer	1	
adrianogf	jcproject	1	
wollej	jcoverage	1	
headpigeons	jcounter	1	
sonalb	jcookie	1	
jamstah	jcookie	0	Developer
fdiotalevi	jconx	1	Developer
cirruz	jconstructs	1	
ben_walding	jconsole	1	
terrydye	jconfig	1	Project Manager
sjivan	jconfig	0	Developer
crash025	jconfig	0	Developer
braunst	jconfig	0	Developer
amecky	jconfig	1	
meebey	jconfd	1	
inolik	jconfd	0	Developer
rdtorres	jconcurrent	1	
easy_angel	jcommandline	1	
ashevat	jcomet	1	
eisel98	jcollectionwrap	1	
samuelbb	jcodeutil	1	
lglawrence	jcmdline	1	
satollo	jcman	0	Developer
fdiotalevi	jcman	1	
xeus_man	jcloader	1	
darwin3	jcloader	0	Developer
marciodel	jclassmock	1	
anarxia	jclassinfo	1	Project Manager
wpostma	jcl	0	Developer
uschuster	jcl	0	Developer
twm	jcl	0	Developer
schuettecarsten	jcl	0	Developer
rrossmair	jcl	1	Project Manager
rikbarker	jcl	0	Developer
remkobonte	jcl	0	Developer
rayspostbox3	jcl	0	Developer
outchy	jcl	1	Project Manager
obones	jcl	0	Developer
mthoma	jcl	1	Project Manager
morrac	jcl	0	Developer
marquardt	jcl	0	Developer
marcovtje	jcl	0	Developer
jfudickar	jcl	0	Developer
jedi_mbe	jcl	0	Developer
grenzi_r	jcl	0	Developer
elahn	jcl	0	Developer
dade2004	jcl	0	Developer
cycocrew	jcl	0	Developer
ahuser	jcl	0	Developer
clwells	jci	1	
stainsby	jchassis	1	Project Manager
davibu	jcgrid	1	
hamgert	jcetaglib	1	
r_213	jcdlib	0	Developer
prabhub	jcdlib	1	
malamut	jcapi	0	Developer
kimmerin	jcapi	0	Developer
jens212	jcapi	0	Developer
hgraefe	jcapi	1	
frankmoritz	jcapi	0	Developer
ttoupin	jcafe	1	
pfajeau	jcache	0	Developer
fjankk	jcache	1	Project Manager
neilt6	jbuild	1	
sujithvt	jbrms	1	
grantfin	jbreport	1	
angus_ymchan	jbpropstruct	1	
rhoobler	jbproject	1	
v912485	jbpm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tombaeyens	jbpm	1	Project Manager
tmjee	jbpm	0	Developer
theute	jbpm	0	Developer
spagop	jbpm	0	Developer
schnever	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
ryanupton	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
rrajasekaran	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
prabhuji	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
prabhatjha	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
pbolle	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
oneovthafew	jbpm	0	
naprstek	jbpm	0	
mournosg	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
mosabua	jbpm	0	
mmieszek	jbpm	0	
mloehr	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
mikelynch229	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
marshall_law	jbpm	0	
lifeleaf	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
kukeltje	jbpm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
krzogr	jbpm	0	Developer
koentsje	jbpm	1	All-Hands Person
jimrigsbee	jbpm	0	
jccantu	jbpm	0	Developer
jberka	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
janapoornavel	jbpm	0	Developer
jakkiedak	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
harimk12	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
gip2100	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
gherez	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
garg_shail	jbpm	0	Developer
fbooth	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
epieters	jbpm	0	
elfuhrer	jbpm	0	
ekero	jbpm	0	Developer
don_raka	jbpm	0	Developer
doballve	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
ceccato	jbpm	0	
bessyboo	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
aguizar	jbpm	1	Developer
ritujain	jbossrulesnet	1	
shifeiluo	jbosspetstore	1	Project Manager
shenkai	jbossmonitor	1	
thomasfrey	jboss4watchdog	1	
sonofseven	jboss-jmxc	1	
jbmvst	jbmsrclib	1	
marcelj	jbluez	1	Project Manager
jbantug	jbluez	0	Developer
edkay	jbluez	1	
bangersnmash74	jbluez	1	No specific role
efornara	jbit	1	
raffaelespazzol	jbi4corba	1	Project Manager
paciuf	jbi4corba	1	Developer
marcopiraccini	jbi4corba	0	
gvaleri	jbi4corba	0	Developer
cimatti	jbi4corba	0	
acannone	jbi4corba	0	
raffaelespazzol	jbi4cics	1	Project Manager
paciuf	jbi4cics	1	
marcopiraccini	jbi4cics	0	
gvaleri	jbi4cics	0	Developer
cimatti	jbi4cics	0	
acannone	jbi4cics	0	Developer
twpatkua	jbenchmark	0	
gregluck	jbenchmark	1	
bigdaz	jbenchmark	0	Developer
bdargan	jbenchmark	1	
jskeet	jbench	1	
takatsukam	jbeanvam	1	
enotecha	jbeans	1	Project Manager
crimsen	jbeans	0	Web Designer
takatsukam	jbeanmisc	1	
jstockall	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
celerybox	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
angus_ymchan	jbcheckstyle	1	
simas_ch	jbatchengine	1	
shixiaodan	jbase	1	
mhanisch	jbarcodebean	1	Developer
dwalters	jbarcodebean	1	All-Hands Person
weirdpanda	jbarcode-scan	1	
wistuba	jbanana	0	Developer
sgoda	jbanana	0	Developer
rvalentin	jbanana	0	Developer
ricardo_gci	jbanana	0	Developer
rhsumiya	jbanana	0	Developer
nakashima007	jbanana	0	Developer
marcato	jbanana	0	Developer
kemmel	jbanana	1	Developer
jonathan_gci	jbanana	0	Developer
hectorgarzon	jbanana	0	
graphyt	jbanana	0	Web Designer
fpierre	jbanana	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
eduardobk	jbanana	0	Doc Writer
bihaiko	jbanana	1	Developer
fabrice_carnet	jbackbrowse	1	
ddepta	jade-platform	1	
jljljjl	javahacks	1	
aurphir	javabuggers	1	
i_vern	jazz	1	
iae	jazz	1	Developer
jay_krell	jaykrell	1	
joerg_wassmer	jaxlib	1	Project Manager
xcut	jaxen	0	Developer
werken	jaxen	1	Developer
szegedia	jaxen	0	Developer
slehmann	jaxen	0	
purpletech	jaxen	0	Developer
proyal	jaxen	1	Project Manager
paulrbrown	jaxen	0	Developer
mbrennan	jaxen	0	Developer
mbelonga	jaxen	0	Developer
jstrachan	jaxen	1	Project Manager
jdvorak	jaxen	0	Developer
emcgreal	jaxen	0	Developer
ebolwidt	jaxen	0	Developer
bazzargh	jaxen	0	Developer
phillippettit	jaxdiag	1	
hasseeb_java	jaword	1	
vmarchese	jawflow	1	
ushakeel	javocado	1	Developer
prunicki	javelintools	1	
nurulc	javaxmlstream	1	Project Manager
captainpierce	javaxinput	1	
wcherry69	javaworkflow	1	
paulo_ortolan	javawizard	1	
francisco_cpg	javawindowsapi	1	
szabtam	javawebparts	0	Developer
herros	javawebparts	1	Developer
fzammetti	javawebparts	1	Developer
vesa_karvonen	javautils	1	Developer
alan13	javatui	1	
prosenjit	javatrace	1	
chrisbitmead	javatools	1	
jeklsoft	javatoolkit	0	Developer
demian0311	javatoolkit	0	Developer
dadrox	javatoolkit	1	
zebdefrar	javasysinfo	1	Project Manager
michael_davey	javasysinfo	1	Developer
binny	javasysinfo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
wjadams	javasvnupdater	1	
jpw	javastarter	1	
sgodsell	javasss	1	
rferrer	javaspy	1	
kbeck	javaspider	1	
egamma	javaspider	1	Developer
darach	javaspider	0	
tomimas	javasom	1	
fastdragon	javasip	1	Developer
deanhiller	javasip	0	Developer
dadrox	javasip	1	Developer
chaopsychochick	javasip	0	
cac_yxu	javasip	0	
cac_qjiang	javasip	0	
cac_kxie	javasip	0	
cac_hjiang	javasip	0	Developer
cac_cguo	javasip	0	Developer
tycordinal	javasignalslot	1	
anzez	javaselector	1	
mathewparet	javascriptlib	1	
joellimardo	javascriptix	1	
demian0311	javasandbox	1	
hkleo	javareview	1	
friendfx	javaregextester	1	
rgrzywinski	javarcx	1	
mkempka	javaquantity	1	Developer
anjahauth	javaquantity	1	Developer
rexguo	javapsd	1	
vachis	javaprofiler	1	
stolis	javaprofiler	1	
petrul	javaprofiler	1	
michalpise	javaprofiler	1	
marek	javaprofiler	1	
luner	javaprofiler	1	
herbyderby	javapng	1	Developer
glvgfz	javapng	0	Developer
smichaud	javaplugin	1	
huntc	javapdi	1	
rveldema	javaparty	1	
pollini	javaparty	0	Developer
moschny	javaparty	1	Developer
haui	javaparty	1	Developer
swaroopj	javaobjectdata	0	Developer
nareshnaidup	javaobjectdata	0	
joshsmoore	javaobjectdata	1	
jkristian	javanuggets	1	
stonecobra	javaml	1	Developer
mboutoukou	javaml	0	
gjbadros	javaml	1	Project Manager
ademaraguiar	javaml	0	Developer
joshguyette	javamirc	1	
iterson	javamatch	1	
rsmith7209	javamaf	1	
kgentle	javalogging	0	Developer
gilstrap	javalogging	1	Project Manager
backupsshnet	javaloganalyser	1	Developer
perdian	javalauncher	1	
kryst4l	javaj	1	
songjing	javaintegrity	1	
rcresposf	javahtmlparser	0	Developer
chousz	javahtmlparser	1	
dustin_little	javahr	1	Developer
maccaf	javagfl-lib	1	Project Manager
seyyedjamal	javaforms	1	
sehsanm	javaforms	0	
naeem	javaforms	0	
naeeem	javaforms	1	
hootan_n	javaforms	0	Developer
geniot	javaflashbridge	1	
clheiny	javaelvis	1	
sstanchfield	javadudeeclipse	1	
p-salnikov	javadrom	1	Developer
nsushkin	javadoc-search	1	
bbell2000	javadatepicker	1	
t_chemit	javacurse	1	
realrolfje	javaconfig	0	Developer
guusbosman	javaconfig	1	No specific role
mbreese	javacloth	1	
rhursti	javachecker	1	
javacelot	javacelot	1	Project Manager
altos-z	javacard-proxy	1	
europasystems	javacandies	1	
chrislorenz	javabluetooth	1	Project Manager
rpeckhoff	javablackjack	1	
micah_modell	javabeantester	1	Project Manager
bayard	javabeantester	0	Developer
jelz2yk	javabeans	1	
suifdra	javabdd	0	Developer
livshits	javabdd	0	Developer
kokkalis	javabdd	0	Developer
joewhaley	javabdd	1	Project Manager
jgmorard	javabdd	0	Developer
gback	javabdd	0	Developer
cunkel	javabdd	0	Developer
cs343	javabdd	0	Developer
trevorolio	javaatomiclibs	1	
ragutimar	javaaspell	1	
rmalinowski	javaacl	1	
droguski	javaacl	0	Developer
sockterrier	java3dsloader	0	Developer
rdeford	java3dsloader	1	
jdeford	java3dsloader	1	
awaredreams	java3dgamesdk	1	Project Manager
mirkoz	java2cdif	1	Project Manager
scottft	java-web-admin	1	
forger77	java-util-lib	1	
gragus	java-tools	1	
netdever	java-speedy	1	
marcotozzini	java-sms-api	1	
thomas_weise	java-sfc	1	
zpsenior	java-remoting	1	
hzeller	java-readline	1	
bablokb	java-readline	1	Project Manager
bab	java-readline	0	Developer
avibhamare	java-libs	1	Project Manager
mdspencer	java-joint	1	
spasi	java-game-lib	0	Developer
matzon	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
kevglass	java-game-lib	0	Developer
kappa1	java-game-lib	0	Developer
elias_naur	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
cix_foo	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
a_r_ferreira	java-fu	1	
joeretro	java-eek	1	Developer
benhogan	java-eek	1	
fikin	java-container	1	
verhagent	java-arg-val	1	
freality	jautotest	1	
mriveros	jatisat	0	Developer
jgonzal	jatisat	0	Developer
fmontes	jatisat	0	Developer
dnielben	jatisat	1	
andresg	jatisat	0	Developer
matrix--	jatclib	1	Developer
bacco77	jatclib	0	Developer
gayansource	jasperwrapper	1	
tvu007007	jasperreports	0	Editorial/Content Writer
teodord	jasperreports	1	Project Manager
tcloonan	jasperreports	0	Editorial/Content Writer
shertage	jasperreports	0	Developer
sgwood	jasperreports	0	Developer
peter_p_s	jasperreports	0	Developer
lucianc	jasperreports	1	Developer
ionutned	jasperreports	0	Developer
gt78	jasperreports	0	Developer
bklawans	jasperreports	0	Developer
comsoft1908	jaspercall	1	
jasper-lang	jasper-lang	1	
michelg	jasm-game	1	
gvelo	jasf	1	
jeroenvoogt	jasciidammit	1	
shfarr	jasar	1	
syhaas	jarwizy	1	Developer
brown_j	jarspy	1	Developer
tombrus	jarsniffer	1	
kostakoko	jarsearchtool	1	
najgor	jarminator	1	
tfenne	jarjunkie	0	
ghinkl	jarjunkie	1	
tobias_hoffmann	jarinspector	0	Developer
stevemcmee	jarinspector	1	
bhafer	jargx	1	
zantvoort	jargo	1	
marco_7777	jarexplorer	1	
zantvoort	jarcraft	1	
erik_van_zijst	jarcraft	1	
arnelim	jarclassloader	1	
ingosax	jarch	1	
ibondre	japic	1	
fmurialdo	japic	1	Project Manager
naholyr	japhpadoc	1	
hellayena	japhpadoc	0	Developer
sposh	jap	1	
lasa	jaol	1	
thomas-m	janus-plugin	1	
fishermen21	janus-plugin	0	Developer
jerano	janalyzer	0	Developer
gritsay	janalyzer	1	
e7jojje	janalyzer	0	Developer
e7andy	janalyzer	1	
d98thand	janalyzer	0	Developer
hjawaid	jamsel	1	
axelp	jamsel	0	Developer
stevesouza	jamonapi	1	
rcolliton	jammies	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	jammies	1	Project Manager
raorn	jamlib	1	Developer
cyrilm	jamlib	0	Developer
mtedone	jamailet	1	
gatomatic	jala	1	
elmartinfierro	jala	1	
overflo	jakecpplib	1	
fprog	jakecpplib	0	Developer
xpert2	jakarta-k	0	Developer
visharp	jakarta-k	0	Developer
visavis2k	jakarta-k	0	Developer
totwi	jakarta-k	0	Developer
suribada	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
strongberry	jakarta-k	0	Developer
soma815	jakarta-k	0	Developer
simji0202	jakarta-k	0	Developer
seveny	jakarta-k	0	Developer
sciv	jakarta-k	0	Developer
risc2	jakarta-k	0	Developer
puretak	jakarta-k	0	Developer
oiehato	jakarta-k	0	Developer
noelogist	jakarta-k	0	
neoctrl	jakarta-k	0	Developer
nameislocus	jakarta-k	0	Developer
miojio	jakarta-k	1	
millyseon	jakarta-k	0	Developer
ledzpl	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kkojipjima	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kimsk010	jakarta-k	0	Developer
keunsikhong	jakarta-k	0	Developer
kenu	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
kaymury	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jwhe	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jrriu	jakarta-k	0	Developer
joonoh74	jakarta-k	0	Developer
jjmah	jakarta-k	0	Developer
iasandcb	jakarta-k	1	Project Manager
hongtab	jakarta-k	0	Developer
herblover	jakarta-k	0	Developer
hbsongwz	jakarta-k	0	Developer
freezie	jakarta-k	0	Developer
fog_rain	jakarta-k	0	Developer
dsaint31	jakarta-k	0	Developer
delight777	jakarta-k	0	Developer
briankdlee	jakarta-k	0	Developer
haelias	jajppd	1	
maxvaz	jaht	1	No specific role
kfgodel	jaht	1	All-Hands Person
mikkey	jagzilla	1	
stanberka	jafu-lite	1	
mdovey	jafer	1	Project Manager
gilksd	jafer	0	Developer
colin_tatham	jafer	1	Developer
antony_corfield	jafer	1	Developer
mcquak	jadsi	1	
svu	jados	1	
zthree	jadex	1	Developer
dirkbade	jadex	0	Developer
deadf00d	jadex	1	Developer
jmacdonald	jadeutil	1	
drobert	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
dcherk	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
jaaron_farr	jadetower	1	
akinsgre	jadetower	0	
ddepta	jade-tools	1	Developer
ddepta	jadebarcodes	1	
pkjbr	jadaptiveforms	1	
gmega	jadaptiveforms	1	
don_raspu	jactivating	1	
sdusart	jacs	1	
amahier	jacs	0	Developer
vyzo	jacomma	1	
lowdermilk	jacol	1	
dsteeber	jacol	0	Developer
schmidlinf	jacob-project	0	
robertsearle	jacob-project	0	Developer
danadler	jacob-project	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
clay_shooter	jacob-project	1	Project Manager
octangle-7	jackrava	1	
rreyelts	jace	1	
cowwoc	jace	1	Developer
yizha	jaccessmngr	0	Developer
dtint87	jaccessmngr	0	Developer
bibok	jaccessmngr	1	
nur	jac-aop	1	
laurentmartelli	jac-aop	1	
mpregent	jabls1	1	Project Manager
titanite	jabcpp	0	Developer
tcharron	jabcpp	1	
gmacgregor	jabcpp	1	Project Manager
abelsson	jabcpp	0	Developer
zelphyr	jabberlib	1	
jsmecham	jabberlib	1	
chrwei	jabberlib	1	
tguzik	jabbercom	1	Developer
pgmillard	jabbercom	1	
ksevindik	jabbar	1	
hjawaid	jaad	1	
oderin	j4bib	1	
rschoening	j2xtreme	1	
vijayaraghavank	j2uml	1	
rpa_rio	j2secontrols	1	Project Manager
juntao	j2meunit	1	
eso	j2meunit	1	Project Manager
brunnosilva	j2meunit	1	Developer
bohemius	j2meunit	1	Developer
mwaisberg	j2melib	1	
piratis	j2megl	1	
guillermocalvo	j2mefs	1	
mcpierce	j2me-microgui	1	Project Manager
gwhemming	j2me-microgui	0	Developer
eso	j2me-lib	1	Developer
bradcc	j2me-game-lib	1	Developer
sroccaserra	j2me-game-demo	1	
vmassol	j2eeunit	1	
xoconnick	j2ee-fusebox	1	
pmcelhaney	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
philduba	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
perlfreak	j2ee-fusebox	1	
happytoad	j2ee-fusebox	0	Developer
fusemonkey	j2ee-fusebox	1	
benedwards	j2ee-fusebox	1	
ttegoeh	j2b	1	
tyanh	j-sim	1	
zilvester	j-owl	1	
luice	j-impa	1	
joomlatworkteam	j-devtools	1	
black_arrow	vxlib	1	
tetralith	vxglib	1	Developer
maarten4	vxglib	1	Developer
damelang	vxglib	1	Developer
ssddn	vxdevelopsuit	0	Developer
jensoncox	vxdevelopsuit	1	
xentac	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
xengren	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
spartan5	vtoswaba	1	
pda	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
mabuka	vtoswaba	1	All-Hands Person
dudeofx	vtoswaba	1	Developer
dezipaitor	vtools	1	
vng1	vtnprevayler	1	
xpxqx	vtkfltk	1	Project Manager
xpxqx	vtkextensions	1	
xpxqx	vtkcontainers	1	
vitaut	vtemm	1	
bcassand	vtclcheck	1	Project Manager
catamaran	vtags	1	
lenine	vsra	1	
jgehtland	vsnunit	1	
shadowinteger	vsipc	1	
tom_menzel	vshelpers	1	
solvix	vsbugtrackernet	0	Developer
mwi2825	vsbugtrackernet	0	
mkprog	vsbugtrackernet	1	
aloeffler	vrvis	1	
ijazfx	vroom	1	
patrickh	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
pallindo	vrjuggler	0	Developer
dshipton	vrjuggler	1	Developer
dkabala	vrjuggler	0	Developer
carolina	vrjuggler	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aronb	vrjuggler	1	Developer
allenb	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
patrickh	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
pallindo	vrjtoolbox	0	Developer
nonchocoboy	vrjtoolbox	0	Developer
jahare	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
dshipton	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
dkabala	vrjtoolbox	1	Project Manager
carolina	vrjtoolbox	0	Project Manager
browner10	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
aronb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
allenb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
skapare	vrb	1	
artaza	vqt	1	
kavyboy	vptk	0	
johnallen	vptk	1	
bgbarcus	vptk	0	
gmt2001	vprog	1	All-Hands Person
bggraves4000	vprog	1	
psychogenic	voicexmlclient	1	
niunio	voxrend	1	
kmaclean2006	voxforge	1	
vperera	voxbone-client	0	Developer
vmorsiani	voxbone-client	1	Project Manager
mesterumanole	voxbone-client	0	Developer
luugi	voodoo	0	
bge	voodoo	1	
afpineda	volumemanager	1	
vog	voji	1	Developer
mmt	voji	0	Developer
christophercook	voji	0	Tester
pgarcia	voicerlib	1	
wiegerwesselink	voicecode	0	Developer
stunorton	voicecode	1	Developer
shay_matasaro	voicecode	0	Developer
rsicoder	voicecode	0	Developer
rickgehrs	voicecode	0	Developer
quintijn	voicecode	1	Developer
pmilliken	voicecode	0	Developer
pm215	voicecode	0	Developer
pgorrow	voicecode	0	Developer
patriciahawkins	voicecode	0	Developer
mhorie	voicecode	0	Developer
jonathanepstein	voicecode	0	Developer
joelgould	voicecode	0	Developer
jnacios	voicecode	0	Developer
jboner	voicecode	0	
hans_van_dam	voicecode	0	Developer
esjatharvee	voicecode	0	Developer
dcfox	voicecode	1	Developer
david_jeschke	voicecode	0	Developer
cmasuoka	voicecode	0	Developer
bjaspan	voicecode	0	Developer
alex_ramos	voicecode	0	Developer
alain_desilets	voicecode	1	Project Manager
heuermh	vocabulary	1	
limcheekin	vobject	1	Project Manager
natibro	vntraffic	1	
nerdnetwork	vnsc	1	Project Manager
xiaoxie	vmformatter	1	
vincent-richard	vmime	1	Project Manager
structor	vmime	0	Developer
laurent-richard	vmime	0	Developer
waynewolfe	vlx	0	
vlx	vlx	1	
steinman	vlx	0	
markpearse	vlx	0	Developer
releasedj	vlib	1	Project Manager
clausvb	vlib	1	Developer
ivaradi	vju	1	
axel50397	virtualinfo	1	
smpaul	vivs	1	
overond	vivaphp	0	
harvok	vivaphp	1	
anunakin	vivaphp	1	Project Manager
enzyme_x	vitrax	1	
olegsopilnyak	visualtelephony	1	Project Manager
gesha	visualtelephony	0	Support Manager
xstarter	visualsynapse	0	Developer
artee	visualsynapse	1	
slotties	visualstruts	1	
martinpruefer	visualstruts	1	Developer
axel_b	visualstruts	1	Developer
xnannox	visualsai	0	Developer
shradhas	visualsai	0	Developer
rbfrenchy	visualsai	1	Project Manager
fusionex	visualsai	0	Project Manager
flashk	visualsai	0	Developer
deepadatta	visualsai	0	Developer
pjcast	visualogrecore	1	
cculver	visualogrecore	1	Developer
bjj1478	visualogrecore	1	Developer
bekas	visualogrecore	0	Developer
micb	visualmb	1	Developer
elm_we	visualmb	0	Developer
heiko_hofer	visual-octave	1	
goffioul	visual-octave	0	Developer
tracerbu11et	visemacs	0	Developer
flyfishr64	visemacs	1	Project Manager
spoonless	visages	1	
olivier_pt	visages	1	
fdeweerdt	visages	1	
hotcakesnz	virtualproject	1	Developer
rtalbutt	virtualfile	0	
danbrown	virtualfile	1	
terrorix	virtualdbgrid	1	
umutert	virtualdataexp	1	
ahmedcevizci	virtualdataexp	1	Project Manager
marcelouy	virtdesk	1	All-Hands Person
kio1	vipsi	1	Project Manager
haberrecker	vipsi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
darisala	vipsi	0	Developer
bdtraj	vipsi	0	Developer
strogge	viperide	1	
hakanj	viperide	1	Developer
smwatson	vine	0	Developer
luisbermudez	vine	1	Project Manager
carueda	vine	0	Developer
bourdenas	vine-engine	1	
jlarkin	vimrails	1	
fhitzel	vimms	1	Developer
ankhcraft	vim4j	1	
jacv87	villagl	1	
vmo	vile	1	Project Manager
sjs2	vile	1	Project Manager
randy_smith	vile	0	Developer
jlentini	vile	1	
maartenbosteels	vigilog	0	Developer
festerwim	vigilog	1	
xiaomj	viex	1	
shane_day	viewstatemgr	1	Project Manager
jostle	viewklass	1	Developer
hotjo	viewklass	0	Developer
brihall	viewklass	0	Developer
phuochung	vietstd	1	
hocngo	vietstd	1	Developer
tubinhtran	vietpali	0	Developer
hocngo	vietpali	1	
harryj	vietpali	1	Developer
binhanson	vietpali	1	Developer
denisvolkov	vic-eshop	1	Project Manager
vibe3d	vibe-engine	1	
cmelendez	vhhd	1	
kurifu	vfsmgr	1	
ofsantana	vfreeproject	0	Developer
jserrano-neo	vfreeproject	1	
ict123	vfreeproject	0	Developer
zthree	vesuf	1	Project Manager
deadf00d	vesuf	1	Project Manager
lyceel	vess	0	Developer
gmartin	vess	1	Project Manager
ducope	vess	0	Developer
febret	vertigo-fwork	1	
pne	verdurian	1	Project Manager
vitriolix	venster	0	Developer
theller	venster	1	Developer
mstarzyk	venster	0	
h_punt	venster	1	
ginstrom	venster	0	Developer
sirshane	venom	1	
farnulfo	velogui	1	
tjuerge	veloedit	1	
youngm	velcro	1	Developer
heathm	velcro	1	Project Manager
betajin	vea	1	
rshortt	vdrpylib	1	
sro	vcpp-mode	1	
vcorp	vcorplcd	1	
firewing	vcon	1	
cyq	vcme	1	
alex_o	vcl4php-db	1	
ywang225	vcf	0	Developer
vortic	vcf	0	Developer
thrysoee	vcf	0	Developer
thomasn	vcf	0	Developer
scottpearson	vcf	0	Developer
pilsby	vcf	0	Developer
pallindo	vcf	0	Developer
obirsoy	vcf	0	Developer
mrtweakin	vcf	0	Developer
mostuff	vcf	0	Developer
mazurs	vcf	0	Developer
marcweber	vcf	0	Developer
marcelloptr	vcf	0	Developer
kiklop74	vcf	0	Developer
kdmix	vcf	0	Developer
jerryevans	vcf	0	Developer
jabelardo	vcf	0	Developer
iamfraggle	vcf	0	Developer
greertr	vcf	0	Developer
emonjay	vcf	0	Doc Writer
ddiego	vcf	1	Project Manager
chriskr	vcf	0	Developer
augusto_roman	vcf	0	Developer
duponchel	vcard4j	1	Project Manager
foquendo	vbxtender	1	Project Manager
aquanight	vbwinapi	1	Developer
taboozizi	vbunitfree	1	
languard	vbtablet	0	Developer
greenreaper	vbtablet	1	Developer
crazycomputers	vbperl	1	
killian35	vbmock	1	
sbvb	vblib	1	Project Manager
guilhermebf	vblib	1	
ghelman	vblib	1	
zbenjamin	vbisam	0	Developer
trev_vb	vbisam	1	Developer
simrw	vbisam	0	
miscellone	vbisam	0	Developer
johann_v_n	vbisam	0	Developer
guypes	vbisam	0	Developer
vuud	vbdoc	1	Project Manager
tchester	vbdoc	1	Developer
killian35	vbcorlib	1	
rharwood	vbaunit	1	
jorgens	vb-lite-unit	1	
markus_palme	vb-doc	1	Project Manager
quixoticraindrp	vartrack	1	
linvald	variableeditor	1	
simeonzv	varhigh	1	
whiteshampoo	var-save	1	All-Hands Person
santonelli	vaniglia	0	Developer
patrizio_munzi	vaniglia	0	Developer
mikyaiello	vaniglia	1	Project Manager
mariachiara	vaniglia	0	Developer
adenegri	vaniglia	0	Developer
bsslab	vamnet	1	
hptraub	values4j	1	
timbob1803	valuelist	1	Project Manager
sonart	valuelist	0	Developer
mzachar	valuelist	1	Developer
mlavwilson	valuelist	1	Project Manager
azachar	valuelist	1	Developer
elektryczny	valuablesoft	1	
robbn	valtoolkit	1	
biovenger	valkyrias	1	
wizardjagon	validator	1	
marcelosaraujo	validate-ptbr	1	
kerbtier	vakum	1	Developer
bpruessmann	vajindent	1	Developer
vairux	vairux-ego	1	
otif11	vairux-ego	0	Developer
westbay	vainstall	0	Developer
vonarnim	vainstall	1	Developer
the-guru	vainstall	0	Developer
drepasky	vainstall	0	Developer
desnoix	vainstall	1	Project Manager
deniger	vainstall	1	Developer
charlysworld	vainstall	0	Developer
zoltarx	vaco	1	
ddewalle	v5-greenauks	1	
ddewalle	v5-ga-core	1	
ddewalle	v5-xscore	1	
peter7723	v2d	0	Doc Writer
julian_deville	v2d	0	Doc Writer
ikingifl	v2d	0	Doc Writer
glennmaughan	v2d	1	
v1_pjb	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
v1_dhanson	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
raj1v	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
pmamut	v1-vs-addin	1	Developer
nd98powell	v1-vs-addin	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ianculling	v1-vs-addin	1	
fwwarr	ywdt	1	
ydaye	ytl	1	
yoxel	yoxel	1	
full-root	yourass	1	
mtcyos	yoslib	1	
sicli	yogl	1	
ashkbiz	yodap	1	Developer
rashidmayes	yipi	1	
duzy	yisc	1	
yenware	yge	1	
darklord1234	yge	1	Developer
yeyopepe	yeyokmlapi	1	
pr_tiglao	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
ostolski	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
jefbed	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
cheadquarter	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
bgunusen	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
treseizero_org	yed	1	
filmor	ydoneum	1	Developer
indikabandara	yconfigfile	1	
erik_edlund	yaasioi	1	
crsadun	yaxom	1	
cibes	yawebftp	1	
kare	yawa	1	All-Hands Person
sevir	yav	0	Developer
f_crivellaro	yav	1	
samjones	yatl	1	
mradestock	yatl	1	
ljcoomber	yatl	1	
wolv28	yatk	0	Developer
geraldonetto	yatk	0	Developer
flaviothunder	yatk	0	Developer
blabos	yatk	1	
viergroupie	yasper	1	Developer
eagleeis	yasa	1	
zl25-drexel	yarfraw	1	
blytkerchan	yara	1	
stetzemd	yaprs	1	
iferca	yape	1	
szabgab	yapcom	1	
shlomoyona	yapcom	0	Developer
kayoff	yapcom	0	Developer
alask	yaonl	1	
deyaeddin	yanax	1	
pyropunk	yamlit	1	
robject68	yaml4j	1	
vputz	yaktrack	1	
vputz	yaktest	1	Project Manager
rsanders	yaktest	0	Developer
pgmjsd	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
oneovthafew	yajul	0	Developer
maxcsaucdk	yajul	0	Developer
kentv	yajul	1	All-Hands Person
gkerde	yajul	0	Developer
ajaygautam	yajul	0	Developer
recipient00	yajl	1	
demarne	yajl	0	Developer
yegong	yajil	1	Project Manager
hampelratte	yajil	1	Developer
mobileagent	yajal	0	
davibu	yajal	1	
yahoo_sm	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
jbrat	yahoo-ews-jsdk	1	All-Hands Person
jeugenepace	yagol	1	
boism	yagdiff	1	
pocsolya	yafumle	1	Developer
kunoka	yafumle	1	Developer
keccs	yafumle	1	Developer
grigorij	yafumle	1	Developer
copypasters	yafumle	1	
barthalg	yafumle	1	Developer
plamaiziere	yaesockets	0	
mqm	yaesockets	1	Developer
ascholz	yaesockets	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ade-development	yades	1	
mariuss	yact	0	
basic	yact	1	
rnstech	yacg	1	
acb-chevrant	yacdiff	1	
gigahurtz	yabsim	1	
aedil	y2l	1	
jr76main	dynxform	1	Developer
ebacker	dynxform	1	
andreyp	dynxform	1	
kkanios	dynatos	1	
lieseke	dynarr	0	Doc Writer
gogita	dynarr	0	Developer
freerock	dynarr	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
alien999999999	dynarr	1	
jneumann	dynamiteproject	1	
farberg	dynamiteproject	1	
jhaynie	dynamicjni	1	
martingoros	dynamicjasper	1	Project Manager
marianosimone	dynamicjasper	0	
ideaplugins	dynamicjasper	0	Developer
djmamana	dynamicjasper	1	Project Manager
lasersquad	dynamicarrays	1	Project Manager
vpassapera	dynamic-engine	1	
doublec	dylanlibs	1	
tigital	dxglwrap	0	Developer
realtech	dxglwrap	1	
rikbarker	dxgettext	0	Developer
peter3	dxgettext	0	Developer
jgvjgv	dxgettext	0	Developer
jensberke	dxgettext	0	Developer
hald80	dxgettext	0	Developer
dybdahl	dxgettext	1	Project Manager
toolshed	dxframework	1	Project Manager
bazald	dxframework	1	Project Manager
tbornhaupt	dwpl	0	Developer
lagocs	dwpl	1	Project Manager
jason_burgon	dwpl	0	Developer
iwache	dwpl	1	Project Manager
ddemarco	dwpl	0	Developer
bachin	dwpl	0	Developer
awache	dwpl	0	Developer
andot	dwpl	0	Developer
dpwhite	dwjbuilderaddin	1	
develcom_vzla01	dw4j	0	Developer
develcom_vzla	dw4j	1	
milosh23	dw2k1	1	
moridinga	dvflashutils	1	Project Manager
skipin	dvremoting	1	Developer
michael	dvdxml	1	
vtoroman	dusa	1	
qlmatrix	dupman	1	Project Manager
plillevold	dungweed	1	Developer
ade_br	dumbtransfer	1	Project Manager
dumbthingy	dumb-html	1	
havonte	dukebot	1	
yazy	duckyyazy-faqs	1	
tetsujin	dtv	1	
mikepb78	dts	1	All-Hands Person
dewanto	dtreeframework	1	
rma-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
munklinde	dtilib	1	Developer
krl-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
clt-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
nuffer	dtframework	0	
jcorbett	dtframework	0	Developer
glenblewis	dtframework	1	
mkueper	dtexpert	1	All-Hands Person
elegant_dice	dtemplatelib	0	
cppguru777	dtemplatelib	1	Project Manager
corwinjoy	dtemplatelib	1	
desolate19	dtemplate	1	
wutka	dtdparser	1	
darklite09	dta	1	Project Manager
danielholmen	dta	1	Developer
ellises	dssl	1	Developer
dtamborelli	dsql	1	
stingray2k01	dsplus	1	
danjrod	dsock	1	
toglader	dsflasher	1	
jay_desh9	drt-qos-man	1	
reingart	drpython	0	Developer
francescoa	drpython	1	Project Manager
drpython	drpython	1	
a_barbosa	drpython	0	Developer
werken	drools	1	
mhald	drools	0	Developer
jvanzyl	drools	1	Developer
jstrachan	drools	1	Developer
davecramer	drools	1	Developer
spwn	dronix	0	Web Designer
ndka	dronix	0	Developer
mr_top	dronix	0	No specific role
dron	dronix	1	Project Manager
bmv	dronix	0	No specific role
blind_cat	dronix	0	No specific role
robgtaylor	droid	1	Developer
jmcarr	droid	0	Developer
james_smith	droid	0	Developer
adrian_brown	droid	1	Project Manager
xiphoris	drjava	0	Developer
sbwong	drjava	1	Developer
rcartwright	drjava	1	Project Manager
prat	drjava	1	Developer
patman600	drjava	0	Developer
nrhorowitz	drjava	1	Developer
mrbkap	drjava	0	Developer
moez	drjava	1	Developer
mgricken	drjava	1	Developer
jon-lugo	drjava	1	Developer
jhsia	drjava	1	Developer
jbannet	drjava	0	Developer
evlich	drjava	0	Developer
ericcheng	drjava	0	Developer
ejspe	drjava	1	Developer
eallen	drjava	1	Developer
dyrby76	drjava	1	Developer
dlsmith	drjava	1	Developer
csreis	drjava	1	Developer
coolpipe	drjava	1	Developer
chelsderr	drjava	0	Developer
centgraf	drjava	0	Developer
camus546	drjava	1	Developer
c45207	drjava	0	Developer
brianstoler	drjava	1	Developer
bjwhitfield	drjava	0	Developer
bigfleet	drjava	0	Developer
besan	drjava	0	Developer
drhyde	drhyde	1	
dagolden	drhyde	0	
krzysiok	dres	1	
qades	dreamworld	1	
frrpql	dreamboxdev	0	Developer
dellui	dreamboxdev	1	Project Manager
ecounce	drawtiming	1	
ricoz	drac-cardlib	1	
xor74	dr-hiss	1	All-Hands Person
peschimo	dptool	1	Developer
paweloque	dptool	1	No specific role
dptool	dptool	1	
ahuser	dpp32	1	Developer
ssalinger	dpp	1	Project Manager
ornis	dpp	1	
orieger	dpp	1	Developer
djemili	dpp	1	
coezbek	dpp	1	Project Manager
rozzin	dp2	1	
enki	dp2	1	
mthielen	dozer	0	Developer
mhtierney	dozer	1	Project Manager
mattjmorrison	dozer	0	Developer
fgarsombke	dozer	1	Project Manager
cretz	dozer-annotate	1	
mlutken	doxys	1	
martinharring	doxys	1	Project Manager
ljwzsjs	doxys	0	
ankhcraft	doxymake	1	
ryants	doxymacs	1	Project Manager
prikryl	doxygen	0	Developer
olegator	doxygen	0	Developer
isaac32767	doxygen	0	Web Designer
hartwork	doxygen	0	Doc Writer
dimitri	doxygen	1	Developer
xrmaster	doxychecker	1	
mzeijen	doxychecker	0	
markkikken	doxychecker	0	
liberatorusa	doxychecker	1	Project Manager
doxychecker	doxychecker	0	
obones	doxbar	1	Developer
dimitri	doxbar	1	Developer
scottfrancis	dovetail	0	Developer
kgilpin	dovetail	1	
regisnet	dotweb	0	
cesschneider	dotweb	1	
aceccarelli	dotweb	0	
silverlokk	dotuseful	0	Doc Writer
dkrukovsky	dotuseful	1	
zethon	dottoc	1	
milow	dottesttoolkit	1	
vbali	dotsynce	1	
lloydd	dotsynce	0	Developer
dotomega	dotomega	1	
b_brenna	dotnetscrutil	1	
skain	dotnetregextest	1	
dart	dotnetpcf	1	
zkitkat	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
stormz	dotnetmaker	1	Developer
silkgandalf	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
poucin	dotnetmaker	1	
pautier	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
molosse	dotnetmaker	0	Developer
roman1234	dotnetlayout	0	Developer
okrumnow	dotnetlayout	1	Project Manager
mesheets	dotnetinstaller	0	Developer
jentschi	dotnetinstaller	0	Developer
dblockdotorg	dotnetinstaller	0	Developer
davideicardi	dotnetinstaller	1	Project Manager
bovus	dotnetinstaller	0	Developer
shokshok	dotnethook	1	
pnirschl	dotnethack	1	
shankar_pratap	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Developer
markus_palme	dotnetdiffmerge	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fruitbatinshade	dotnetdiffmerge	1	Project Manager
linkspeed	dotnetasmviewer	1	
yussef	dotlucene	0	
theiwaz	dotlucene	0	
raduban	dotlucene	0	Developer
projektfarm	dotlucene	1	
mabdulfatah	dotlucene	0	
garoush	dotlucene	1	Developer
crocgod	dotlucene	0	Developer
nohero	dotlua	1	
eddieajau	dothelp	1	
ajdonnison	dothelp	0	Developer
tobinharris	dotgrid	0	Developer
tanis	dotgrid	1	
s_srirama	dotgrid	0	
ptnamus	dotgrid	0	Developer
hazeta	dotgrid	0	Developer
fdittgen	dotgrid	0	Developer
akiaki007	dotgrid	0	Developer
krivoshey	dotconfpp	1	
theiling	dot2gdl	1	
empystudio	dot-net-report	1	
jasonyang9	dosgui	1	
medcure	dosemu-daemon05	1	
enricob	dosconf	1	
pac666666	dool	0	
antoniorm	dool	1	
brentworden	doodleproject	1	Project Manager
makeroo	dontpanic	1	Developer
dragonfly	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
donm	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
xgeoff	domwrapper	1	
jlauzon	domwrapper	1	Developer
tool-man	domunit	1	
codedigestion	domprofiler	1	
runardot	domiwraps	1	
jheinstein	domit-xmlparser	1	
gaselli	domit-xmlparser	0	Developer
jheinstein	domit-rssparser	1	
js007	domino4e	1	
marcelkung	dominator	1	
skot	domify	1	Developer
lhoriman	domify	1	
keeskuip	domify	0	Developer
geoffm74	domify	1	Developer
garem	domify	0	Developer
domiclipse	domiclipse	1	
domenico_82	domenico	1	
lpassey	domcapi	1	
cw_krebs	dom4jb	1	Project Manager
yruan2	dom4j	0	Developer
yeekee	dom4j	0	Developer
wyldfire	dom4j	0	
wolfftw	dom4j	0	Developer
werken	dom4j	1	Developer
tradem	dom4j	0	Developer
topping	dom4j	0	Developer
stonecobra	dom4j	0	Developer
slehmann	dom4j	0	Developer
nicksanderson	dom4j	0	Developer
mskells	dom4j	0	Developer
maartenc	dom4j	1	Developer
laramiec	dom4j	0	Developer
jstrachan	dom4j	1	Project Manager
filipjirsak	dom4j	0	Developer
drwhite	dom4j	0	Developer
ddlucas	dom4j	0	Developer
carnold	dom4j	0	Developer
mbs99	dom4cpp	1	
opium	dom-result-set	1	
pacca	dogless	1	
alex_t_king	documentation	1	
vaclavslavik	documancer	1	
kollivier	documancer	0	Developer
tbutkie1	doctorjopentool	1	
prplehaze2	doctorjopentool	1	Developer
jeugenepace	doctorj	1	
radeg	doctaur	1	
goodger	docstring	1	Project Manager
gersonfaf61	docprovider	1	
adragos	docpp	1	Project Manager
ilja_iwas	docoabrowser	1	
dirkpitt2050	docoabrowser	1	Developer
woutthere	dockingform	1	
outlawpoet	docdesignr	1	
eliezer	docdesignr	0	Developer
sgbest	dnk-parse	1	Project Manager
mkturner	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
kaisert	dnfframework	1	All-Hands Person
santisg	dnetprocessing	1	
jonir	dnetprocessing	1	
rufwork	dnetgridlayout	1	
elemings	dnd3e	1	
n_molesbenfell	dncache	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	dncache	1	All-Hands Person
guessman	dncache	0	Developer
pvandervelde	dnanalytics	1	Project Manager
marcuscuda	dnanalytics	1	Developer
dimis_marques	dms-iccavr	1	
fsortino	dmerge	1	
unknown1570	dmd	1	
shawndr	dmbrowser	1	
kolonel	dmapi	1	
simons00	dlsx2	1	
truelight2	dl-compat	1	
ojay2001	dkrossahc	0	
dkross	dkrossahc	1	All-Hands Person
kraused	dklibs	1	
retpyrc	djconsole	1	
smeschini	djbridge	0	All-Hands Person
revusky	djbridge	1	
jschmied	djbridge	0	
mbronni	djanet	1	
mbaudier	djanet	1	
cdujeu	djanet	1	
bsinou	djanet	1	
dzenav	dizzypages	1	
bachew	divtrin	1	
divlib	divlib	1	
olegsharov	ditrack	1	
adamgent	distpro	1	Developer
mark_g_james	distcollab	1	Project Manager
paquettem	distcctracker	1	
shampa	dissect	0	Doc Writer
prosenjit	dissect	1	
versu	disposition	0	
jasampler	disposition	1	
dbaeli	disphorm	1	
xtmouse	disphelper	1	
zakame	dispatcher	0	Developer
siteguy	dispatcher	0	Web Designer
mikhail_beris	dispatcher	1	Developer
mcostalba	dispatcher	0	Developer
ealden	dispatcher	0	Tester
cmarguel	dispatcher	0	Developer
jvilas	discorouter	1	
redstar_	directxmodplay	1	Developer
red_star	directxmodplay	0	No specific role
whity	directsql	1	Project Manager
sahaloka	directsql	0	Tester
royalstar	directsql	0	Tester
jdarling	directsql	0	Tester
cowofevil	directio	1	
methodicalj	diode	1	
svens	dime	1	
digiboy86	digiforce	1	Project Manager
yleung	digi	0	
wemmick	digi	1	Project Manager
vyee	digi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vamirbekyan	digi	0	Developer
shamir_k	digi	0	Developer
shamanth	digi	0	Developer
sdavenpo	digi	0	All-Hands Person
rbhat	digi	0	Developer
panokhin	digi	0	Developer
ombak	digi	0	
naghili	digi	0	
mquigley	digi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mikheil	digi	0	Developer
mihaipostelnicu	digi	0	Developer
marabella	digi	0	Developer
lasha	digi	0	Developer
idumali	digi	1	Analysis / Design
dg_ibrahim	digi	0	Developer
cescobar	digi	0	Editorial/Content Writer
arvindkumars	digi	0	Developer
andrew_ser	digi	1	
akorolyov	digi	0	All-Hands Person
dturi	dig	1	
hokkum	dieselx	1	
sandhya_k	diduce	0	Developer
mmahathi	diduce	0	Developer
jaya	diduce	0	Developer
hangal	diduce	1	
ajitpasi	diduce	0	
curedone	dicom-sharp	1	
zsdfgtbv	diasce	1	
silax	diasce	1	
jbriggs	diary	1	
divya25	diary	1	
mijklh	dialoglayout	1	
liquidnet_os	dialoglayout	1	
softwarecze	diacze	1	
diabetestools	diabetestools	1	
kloper	dgd	1	Project Manager
carrier	dftt	1	
orencamber	dft	1	
suy	dfsm	0	Developer
jvalduvieco	dfsm	0	Developer
amoreno	dfsm	1	
jonasbn	dfront	1	
bom	dfront	1	
siyikalender	dframework	1	
tanumoy	dfdedit	0	
soumava	dfdedit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
avishek	dfdedit	0	
ymenager	devportal	1	
mil0	devgu	1	
tmichel	devtool	1	Project Manager
alecthomas	devtodo	1	
zyx321	devsite	1	
jlgosse	devsite	0	Developer
ndela	devreport	1	
ironrobin	devproject	0	Developer
erthalus	devproject	0	Developer
bigj_sal	devproject	1	
w1nma1n	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
upcase	devpaks	0	Developer
spellbreaker	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
specu	devpaks	1	
mpuro	devpaks	0	
mol1111	devpaks	1	No specific role
learnloop	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
laserlight	devpaks	1	Project Manager
gabysoft	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
fryppy	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
fleeb	devpaks	0	
effenberg0x0	devpaks	1	All-Hands Person
cydside	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
codingmaster	devpaks	0	
az911	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andrej4000	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
knoxg	devout	1	
puggan	devmc12	1	
lj4ausa	devlb	1	
mandbgames	deviroment	1	
khemebuen	deviroment	0	Developer
stevenrd	devildotnet	1	
yang_song_shan	deviceadmin	1	
jax	devgear-mac	1	
zoxide	developersclub	0	
sumojim	developersclub	0	
kdencker	developersclub	0	
jimhoskins	developersclub	0	
diehard	developersclub	1	Project Manager
dest123	developersclub	1	Project Manager
antoprovenzano	deveel-regex	1	
antoprovenzano	deveel-console	1	
misiim	devcpp-portable	1	
sardaukarza	devconnector	1	
robsmyth	devcodemetrics	1	
kyo_116	devbasic	1	
blaster666	devbasic	0	Developer
specu	dev-cpp	1	Developer
peter_	dev-cpp	0	Developer
hongli	dev-cpp	0	Developer
drwayne	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
curtis8	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
claplace	dev-cpp	1	All-Hands Person
bloodsh	dev-cpp	0	All-Hands Person
wellenc9z	dets	1	Developer
milesscotch	dets	1	All-Hands Person
mark_godfrey	dets	1	All-Hands Person
lharkness	dets	1	
corywilkerson	dets	1	All-Hands Person
bhasting	dets	1	Developer
msg	destiny	1	
joaoarthurbm	designwizard	1	Project Manager
fzaker	designet	1	
schalkwijkc	desl	1	
weiju	deploygui	1	Developer
jscruz	deployer	1	
trident	dephicodetodoc	1	Project Manager
surfer3003	dependometer	1	Developer
iotter	dependometer	0	Developer
dmenges	dependometer	1	
cyent	dependensaw	1	
apm42gpl	depdot	1	Project Manager
denisling	denisling	1	
tessmonsta	deninet	1	All-Hands Person
charlesrkingcs	demoguardfree	1	
marcduerst	delphixref	1	Project Manager
xup14936	delphiwab	1	
xayam	delphito	1	
myarmor	delphisci	1	
wodge	delphinet	0	Developer
wcmcgr01	delphinet	0	Developer
tcrouch	delphinet	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
svenreichard	delphinet	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sfock	delphinet	0	Developer
rlz_marcus	delphinet	1	
rahul24x7	delphinet	0	Developer
darksied9	delphinet	1	
wpostma	delphimodbus	0	Developer
plpolak	delphimodbus	1	Project Manager
mtirnanic	delphiical	1	
warmachine	delphi-coll	1	
kosch	deimos	1	
bs5	deimos	1	
xtreamer	defectcontrol	1	Developer
psantosl	defectcontrol	1	Developer
dsuarezv	defectcontrol	1	
eric_babar	deephelpdesk	1	
kysis	dee	1	
marcoslx	dedito	0	Editorial/Content Writer
daniminas	dedito	1	
charruaware	dedito	0	Project Manager
pepecito	dedalu	1	All-Hands Person
dgatwood	deck2omf	1	
ursusmaximus	decision	1	
rossjudson	decal	1	
gioeleb	debugstream	1	
stevekemp	debraudit	0	Developer
ddaniels	debraudit	1	
cybergarp777	debraudit	0	
vicentealencar	debiancell	0	Developer
tcdias	debiancell	0	Developer
samuelcarrijo	debiancell	0	Developer
mi007	debiancell	0	Developer
hnaves	debiancell	0	Developer
fnpedrosa	debiancell	0	Developer
einsteinnjr	debiancell	0	Developer
diegoalvarez_08	debiancell	0	Developer
denisvitti	debiancell	0	Developer
dannyxyz22	debiancell	1	Developer
adam_oa	debiancell	0	Developer
rmrfchik	debdocview	1	
t_inoue	deal	1	
uuh	de-uuhaus-lisp	1	
sklakken	de-facto	1	Project Manager
kgellien	ddtunit	1	Developer
jg_hamburg	ddtunit	1	Project Manager
truong2d	ddt-mini-soft	1	
lonfield	ddrz8e	1	Project Manager
wlthomas	ddi-alliance	0	
wesker1972	ddi-alliance	0	
tompiazza	ddi-alliance	0	
sandai	ddi-alliance	0	
mdiggory	ddi-alliance	1	Project Manager
maryvardigan	ddi-alliance	0	
kulnor	ddi-alliance	1	Developer
kenmillerukda	ddi-alliance	0	
jgager	ddi-alliance	1	Developer
ikuoikuo	ddi-alliance	0	
arofan	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
achimwackerow	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
mja	ddepp	1	Project Manager
kronoz	dday-update	0	Developer
dougday	dday-update	1	
degp	dday-update	0	Developer
luzzyacentillo	dcrteam	1	Unix Admin
jmglov	dclog	1	
themaniac	dcl	0	Distributor/Promoter
mvantil	dcl	0	Developer
mdean	dcl	1	Project Manager
jediknight	dcl	0	Developer
dneighbors	dcl	1	Project Manager
chavousc	dcl	0	No specific role
bpointer	dcl	0	Developer
ajmitch	dcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kolic	dcip	1	
denote	dcas	1	
kstaken	dbxml-core	0	
estagor	dbxml-core	1	Project Manager
bradford	dbxml-core	1	Developer
mikma	dbus-erlang	1	
markhop	dbunit-net	1	Developer
raigedas	dbtreetravclass	1	Project Manager
marianor	dbrunner	1	
mtadashi	dbpowder	1	
joniyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	dbpad	1	Developer
dbpad	dbpad	1	
chrisn55	dbom	1	
dist0rted	dbnetwork	1	
cmungall	dbix-graph	1	Developer
amackey	dbix-graph	1	Developer
varungupta	dbiq	1	Developer
shalinmangar	dbiq	1	Developer
ikkala76	dbhelper	0	
hirsu	dbhelper	1	
miroslavp	dbhcombo	1	
xfce	dbh	0	Developer
edscott	dbh	1	
bmeurer	dbh	0	Developer
taweili	dbgen	1	
mecva	dbfw4j	1	Content Management
marconidias	dbfw4j	0	
fernandolerner	dbfw4j	1	Project Manager
funnyok	dbfuse	1	
tonanbarbarian	dbform	1	
bsstmiller	dbexpressplus	1	Project Manager
aldettmer	dbexpressplus	1	Developer
horakdan	dbdesign	1	
ahsile	dbconverter	1	Project Manager
hanus	dbcdom	1	
sascha_hofer	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
carlo9890	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
bimminger	dbc-utilities	0	Developer
issac	db-objects	1	
tuxinator_linux	db-esession	1	Project Manager
tuxd00d	db-esession	1	Project Manager
hlapp	db-connection	1	
tom9729	dagger3d	1	
alberanid	daxfi	1	Project Manager
davtech	davtech-apps	1	
takiii	dattel	1	Project Manager
romanle	dattel	1	Developer
martin33	dattel	1	Project Manager
janschh	dattel	1	Project Manager
anwer	dattel	1	Developer
singchyun	datecalc	1	
jswalter	date-time-4-php	1	
cargula	datax	1	
jmenard	datavision	1	
jmarsden	datavision	0	Developer
fzammetti	datavision	1	Project Manager
muenalan	datatype	1	
dfernandez	datasift	1	Project Manager
drolem	datajuncture	1	
sadao	dataio	1	
danbunea	dataglue	1	
joeparks	datafu	1	
ben_walding	dataforge	1	
pimanttr	dataexplorer	0	
cperthuis	dataexplorer	1	
adepereyra	dataexplorer	1	
datablazer	datablazer	1	
youyounet	databean	1	
e2jk	databasepicture	1	
ostersc	dartmon	1	
williantg	darkpro	1	
altheengineer	dapact	1	All-Hands Person
lebriquer	daoi	1	
ragnaroek	dandelion-ecl	1	
dizzy	dalt	1	
randhir	dalp	1	
amitkalekar	dalp	0	Developer
achyut	dalp	1	Project Manager
abhi0704	dalp	0	Developer
koen_plasmans	dali-prolog	1	
trowone1	dahlia	1	
winprog	daffodilnet	0	Developer
vdeepakkumar	daffodilnet	1	
risques	daffodilnet	0	Editorial/Content Writer
leng001	daffodilnet	0	Developer
kspreetha	daffodilnet	0	Developer
harvinderg	daffodilnet	0	Developer
diegocr	daemons	1	
jseutter	daemonize	1	
rnm-metalogic	dacs-contrib	1	
mr_dave	dachshund	0	Developer
gregh	dachshund	1	Developer
graham_stjack	dachshund	1	Developer
daveb	dachshund	1	Project Manager
snrrrub	daccel	1	Project Manager
sesquiped	daccel	0	Developer
yrlec	daboss	1	Developer
iwh	daboss	1	Developer
froderik	dabench	1	Developer
afr0	d3dcp	1	
dmortizr	d2vreports	1	Developer
diemesa	d2vreports	1	Developer
darkmagister	d-box	1	
lpnotfr	typelib	1	
jburdick	typo	1	
eroosa	txtools	1	
vrusu	txt2xml	1	Project Manager
sourceclint	txt2xml	0	Developer
smeyfroi	txt2xml	1	
martin3	txt2xml	1	Unix Admin
ramiroluz	txt2tags-editor	1	Developer
eduardorotta	txt2tags-editor	1	
daniel-gouveia	txt2tags-editor	1	Unix Admin
thazel	txobject	1	Project Manager
marcin_ktos	txmlini	1	Project Manager
kerrid	txmlini	0	Developer
bpdxstaff	txmlini	0	Developer
chgerkens	tx4j	1	Project Manager
minkiux	tx-engine	1	Project Manager
vamp201	twist	1	
sonnyblack	twipse	1	
ehjansson	twineproject	1	
jmenard	twice	1	
j_armstrong	twice	1	All-Hands Person
hallvar	twebs	1	
sventantau	twe	1	
twbsd	twbsdbug	1	
apnadkarni	twapi	1	All-Hands Person
apparicio	turtlesport	1	
arn00	tuxexploftp	1	
erwinn	tutti	1	
albert-thuis	tutti	0	Developer
tutorialcms	tutorialcms	1	
stonkeep	turkdrop	1	Project Manager
ircturk	turkdrop	1	
schveiguy	tucs	1	
wkokke	tu-testbed	0	Developer
vitaly-a	tu-testbed	0	Developer
tulrich	tu-testbed	1	Project Manager
tbp	tu-testbed	0	Developer
shaver	tu-testbed	0	Developer
rsavoye	tu-testbed	0	Developer
crazyjul	tu-testbed	0	Developer
castano	tu-testbed	0	Developer
qinghu	ttsfirefoxext	1	
vasiljevic	ttrace	1	
wilko	ttftp	1	All-Hands Person
davidv	ttftp	0	All-Hands Person
csnell	ttftp	0	Developer
andlu	tte	1	
saachi	trvm	0	Developer
logosys	trvm	0	Developer
jacobdp	trvm	1	Project Manager
lhduc	truonganh	1	
cschlichtherle	truezip	1	
cschlichtherle	truevfs	1	
gursoybu	trperl	1	
robeden	trove4j	0	Developer
gann	trove4j	0	Developer
ericdf	trove4j	1	
bog2731	trogh	1	
cafxx	trng	1	
guyg42	trmi	1	
slogan621	trixul	1	
prafulla_t	trixul	0	Developer
mlamb	trivialpersist	1	
wsjradha	triveni	1	Developer
klaufer	triveni	1	
mvmsoft	tritos	0	Developer
frankgerhardt	tritos	0	
bokowski	tritos	1	
fangl	triones	0	Developer
brokendoor	triones	1	
bluedavy	triones	1	Project Manager
vacuum	trilldev	0	Developer
tometheus	trilldev	0	Developer
rf_hunter	trilldev	0	Developer
nemesis2	trilldev	0	All-Hands Person
nathanhart	trilldev	0	Developer
dreadnoughtgav	trilldev	0	Graphic/Other Designer
azhrarnlod	trilldev	1	Project Manager
arguile_althor	trilldev	0	Developer
abhi_milestone	tric	1	
xentac	triassic	1	Developer
the_moon	triassic	0	Developer
spartan5	triassic	1	Project Manager
pda	triassic	1	Developer
dudeofx	triassic	1	Developer
daimon_hall	triassic	1	Support Manager
belmond	tresframework	1	
dgasaway	tregstore	1	
tals	treexml	1	Project Manager
groffj	treepool	1	
iherwig	treecomp	0	Developer
emb	treecomp	1	Project Manager
yayo75	trashy	1	
smileyy	transmogrify	1	Project Manager
pmgremo	transmogrify	0	
lsusatyo	transmogrify	0	
jpnp	transmogrify	0	Developer
fuzzyfrog	transmogrify	1	
sunil_kosalge	translet	0	Developer
sujk	translet	1	Developer
mkarthikeyan	translet	1	
fullertonguy	translet	0	
arvindgopal	translet	0	Developer
wstokes	transgl	1	Developer
ariya	transgl	1	
mstefek	transedit	1	
beepee357	tractim	1	
hiro_hiro	tracide	1	
m3t30r1c	tracelog	1	All-Hands Person
nihilisticz	trac2jira	1	
igorzolnikov	trac-netbeans	1	
tieuquynhi	tqn	1	
vrecion	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpxmlpartner	1	Unix Admin
robertjlove	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
richardlight	tpxmlpartner	0	Developer
lholmgren	tpxmlpartner	0	Project Manager
voxik	tpvplanit	0	Developer
tpsfadmin	tpvplanit	1	
sjordi	tpvplanit	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpvplanit	0	
pblanton	tpvplanit	1	
ozmosys	tpvplanit	0	
mogambo	tpvplanit	0	
hdanzl	tpvplanit	0	
ebakkest	tpvplanit	0	
cjuergens	tpvplanit	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tpvplanit	1	
benoram	tpvplanit	1	
autowitch	tpvplanit	1	
andrewdenton	tpvplanit	0	
tpsfadmin	tpsystoolskylix	1	
thorsten_engler	tpsystoolskylix	0	
robroberts	tpsystoolskylix	0	
robertjlove	tpsystoolskylix	0	
ozmosys	tpsystoolskylix	0	
om-bill	tpsystoolskylix	0	
hdanzl	tpsystoolskylix	0	
fredhuffman	tpsystoolskylix	0	
chomse	tpsystoolskylix	0	
benoram	tpsystoolskylix	1	
andrewhollands	tpsystoolskylix	0	
tpsfadmin	tpsystools	1	
thorsten_engler	tpsystools	0	
robroberts	tpsystools	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpsystools	0	
ozmosys	tpsystools	0	
om-bill	tpsystools	0	
hdanzl	tpsystools	0	
fredhuffman	tpsystools	0	
corneliusd	tpsystools	0	Developer
chomse	tpsystools	0	
chaoticpup	tpsystools	1	
benoram	tpsystools	1	
autowitch	tpsystools	0	
andrewhollands	tpsystools	0	
tpsfadmin	tpsrmgr	1	
surehand	tpsrmgr	0	Developer
coyote65	tpsrmgr	1	
chaoticpup	tpsrmgr	0	
benoram	tpsrmgr	1	Developer
autowitch	tpsrmgr	0	
tpsfadmin	tpshellshock	1	
robertjlove	tpshellshock	0	Developer
ozmosys	tpshellshock	0	
om-bill	tpshellshock	0	
corneliusd	tpshellshock	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tpshellshock	1	
benoram	tpshellshock	1	
autowitch	tpshellshock	0	
andrewhollands	tpshellshock	0	
tpsfadmin	tporpheus	1	
robroberts	tporpheus	0	Developer
robertjlove	tporpheus	0	Developer
pblarsen	tporpheus	0	
pblanton	tporpheus	1	
ozmosys	tporpheus	0	
om-bill	tporpheus	0	
lholmgren	tporpheus	0	Developer
corneliusd	tporpheus	0	
coderwriter99	tporpheus	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tporpheus	1	
benoram	tporpheus	1	
autowitch	tporpheus	0	
andrewdenton	tporpheus	0	
tpsfadmin	tpopro	1	
benoram	tpopro	1	
ahaines	tponguardclx	1	Project Manager
tpsfadmin	tponguard	1	
robertjlove	tponguard	0	Developer
ozmosys	tponguard	0	
om-bill	tponguard	0	
kmorwood	tponguard	0	
jgxenite	tponguard	0	Developer
fredhuffman	tponguard	1	
corneliusd	tponguard	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tponguard	1	
benoram	tponguard	1	
autowitch	tponguard	0	
tpsfadmin	tpofficepartner	1	
robertjlove	tpofficepartner	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tpofficepartner	1	
benoram	tpofficepartner	1	
tpsfadmin	tplockbox	1	
thorsten_engler	tplockbox	0	
robroberts	tplockbox	0	Developer
robertjlove	tplockbox	0	Project Manager
paulfox	tplockbox	0	
ozmosys	tplockbox	0	
om-bill	tplockbox	0	
fredhuffman	tplockbox	1	
eadiaz	tplockbox	0	Developer
corneliusd	tplockbox	0	Developer
chomse	tplockbox	0	
chaoticpup	tplockbox	1	
benoram	tplockbox	1	
autowitch	tplockbox	0	
tpsfadmin	tpipro	1	
surehand	tpipro	1	Project Manager
robertjlove	tpipro	0	
philippejbruno	tpipro	0	
pbreneman	tpipro	0	
pblarsen	tpipro	0	
om-bill	tpipro	0	
mkaemmerer	tpipro	1	Developer
kmorwood	tpipro	0	
fredhuffman	tpipro	1	
donhill	tpipro	0	
chomse	tpipro	0	
chaoticpup	tpipro	1	
benoram	tpipro	1	
beermandan	tpipro	0	Developer
autowitch	tpipro	0	
wyszkowski	tpflashfiler	0	
tpsfadmin	tpflashfiler	1	
thorsten_engler	tpflashfiler	0	
surehand	tpflashfiler	1	
robertjlove	tpflashfiler	0	Developer
pblarsen	tpflashfiler	0	
ozmosys	tpflashfiler	0	
om-bill	tpflashfiler	0	
hdanzl	tpflashfiler	0	
ebakkest	tpflashfiler	0	
chomse	tpflashfiler	0	
chaoticpup	tpflashfiler	1	
benoram	tpflashfiler	1	
kostus2	tpfl	1	
tpsfadmin	tpessence	1	
surehand	tpessence	0	
robertjlove	tpessence	0	
mlopezvrus	tpessence	0	Developer
donhill	tpessence	1	
corneliusd	tpessence	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tpessence	1	
benoram	tpessence	1	
autowitch	tpessence	0	
andrewhollands	tpessence	0	
tpsfadmin	tpbtreefiler	1	
robroberts	tpbtreefiler	1	Project Manager
robertjlove	tpbtreefiler	0	
chaoticpup	tpbtreefiler	1	
benoram	tpbtreefiler	1	
tpsfadmin	tpaproclx	1	
thorsten_engler	tpaproclx	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpaproclx	0	Tester
philippejbruno	tpaproclx	0	Developer
pbreneman	tpaproclx	0	
ozmosys	tpaproclx	0	Developer
kmorwood	tpaproclx	0	Developer
hdanzl	tpaproclx	0	Developer
donhill	tpaproclx	0	Developer
coyote65	tpaproclx	1	
chomse	tpaproclx	0	Developer
chaoticpup	tpaproclx	1	
benoram	tpaproclx	1	
autowitch	tpaproclx	1	
whosyrdaddy	tpapro	0	
tpsfadmin	tpapro	1	
thorsten_engler	tpapro	0	
sboyd	tpapro	1	Developer
sammy_c	tpapro	0	Developer
robroberts	tpapro	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpapro	0	
philippejbruno	tpapro	0	
pbreneman	tpapro	0	
ozmosys	tpapro	0	
kmorwood	tpapro	0	
hdanzl	tpapro	0	
fredhuffman	tpapro	1	
donhill	tpapro	0	Developer
derbas	tpapro	0	Developer
coyote65	tpapro	1	
chomse	tpapro	0	
chaoticpup	tpapro	1	
benoram	tpapro	1	
autowitch	tpapro	1	
zunz	tpabbrevia	0	
tpsfadmin	tpabbrevia	1	
rohangreg	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
robertjlove	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
ricola71	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
pblarsen	tpabbrevia	0	
ozmosys	tpabbrevia	0	
om-bill	tpabbrevia	0	
jkaster	tpabbrevia	0	
fredhuffman	tpabbrevia	1	
corneliusd	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
chomse	tpabbrevia	0	
chaoticpup	tpabbrevia	1	
capeterson	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
benoram	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
autowitch	tpabbrevia	0	
arlm	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
fsaenzperez	toy	1	
rillig	towers-of-hanoi	1	
touzas	touzas	1	
billg	tourk	1	
mtirnanic	totaltext	1	
albion	totalsecurity	1	
snowak1	toster	1	Project Manager
alasota	toster	1	Project Manager
tenar	tosl	1	
dasdirk	torm	1	
schwab001	torero	1	Project Manager
marcus_uni	torero	1	
maxim-r	torba	1	
abulava	torba	1	Developer
nelson_r_furlan	topog	1	
maciekmazur	topclipse	1	
topas2d	topas2d	1	
eric451	toolsync	1	
james-mitchell	tools4java	1	Project Manager
carldmitch	tools4java	0	
vaebn_kehn	toolc	0	Developer
marc_andrysco	toolc	1	
clinckarts	toolbox	1	
fortuna	toolbag	1	
hoangvv	tonkin	1	Project Manager
hieuhn	tonkin	1	Project Manager
peejeh	tonic	1	
lasa	tome	1	
tigermalinen	tomcatide	1	Developer
pean	tomcatide	1	
mberg	tomcatide	1	
haqwin	tomcatide	1	Graphic/Other Designer
dev2null	tomcatide	1	No specific role
bornik	tomcatide	1	
beeson	tomcatide	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ttgamage	tomasulo	1	
menalaus	tomasulo	1	Developer
takumanjiro	tolstoj	1	
signature	tolop	1	Developer
alchemar	tolop	1	Developer
martinbascal	todotracker	1	
fernandoh	todotracker	1	Project Manager
hpmad	toaster	0	
bobsky	toaster	1	
bobbyone	toaster	0	
vincentharvey	toast	0	Developer
pelletjl	toast	0	Developer
mstevenson8	toast	0	Developer
knovak	toast	0	Developer
coombez	toast	1	Developer
ned14	tnfox	1	Project Manager
gra_moore	tmwsi	1	
apataki	tmplugin	1	
pleasereferto	tmessage	1	
lischke2	tmapi	0	Developer
lheuer	tmapi	1	Developer
larsga	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
kal_ahmed	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
joschmidt	tmapi	0	Developer
grove	tmapi	0	Developer
gra_moore	tmapi	1	All-Hands Person
zoro2	tls	0	Developer
scottg	tls	0	
razzell	tls	1	Developer
patthoyts	tls	0	Developer
hobbs2	tls	1	
hobbs	tls	1	
aborr	tls	0	
ecky-l	tloona	1	
dgasaway	tlistviewq	1	
myway310	tle	0	
madvirus	tle	1	
limhanchul	tle	0	Developer
kl-icann	tld-validation	1	
flibuste	tlabs	1	Project Manager
ccleva	tlabs	1	Project Manager
jackknifebarber	tjdo	1	Developer
damonew	tjdo	0	Developer
gentboy	tinyparser	1	
nc3b	tinynotes	1	
ross_trusler	tiopf	0	Developer
pvspain	tiopf	0	Developer
pmcnab	tiopf	0	Developer
phinrichsen	tiopf	1	Project Manager
jarrodh	tiopf	0	Developer
graemeg	tiopf	1	Developer
discosys	tiopf	1	Developer
andrewdenton	tiopf	0	Developer
chenyj	tinyxml4j	1	Project Manager
yvesb	tinyxml	0	
leethomason	tinyxml	1	
ellers88	tinyxml	0	Developer
sunil_s	tinywidgets	1	
navs	tinywidgets	0	
amms	tinywidgets	0	
egladysh	tinytl	1	
the-moog	tinysh	1	
michelg	tinysh	1	
gbevin	tinyqt	1	
caiyu	tinyprinter	1	
alexmcmanus	tinyndi	1	
rrnn97	tinycxx	1	Project Manager
alben	tinycxx	1	
theworld40	tinycfg	1	
rrokytskyy	tinybird	1	
berlangero	tiny-workflow	1	
jaalto	tiny-tools	1	Project Manager
fagiano	tiny-rex	1	
millershane	tinternetquery	1	
nierbeck	timetrackplugin	1	
sfbouchard	timetrack	0	Developer
paulseamus	timetrack	1	Developer
kaczula	timetrack	0	Developer
javajedi	timetrack	1	
camk	timetrack	0	Developer
kbg	timespread	1	
nottrz	timerplugin	1	
wojdyla	timeplaner	1	
enders	timecontrol	1	
bphanikumar	timeclipse	1	Developer
banuradha	timeclipse	0	Developer
westajay	timeandmoney	0	Doc Writer
sadehb	timeandmoney	0	Developer
johndcorbett	timeandmoney	0	Developer
ericevans	timeandmoney	1	All-Hands Person
btbuxton	timeandmoney	1	Project Manager
bchawk	timeandmoney	1	Content Management
alphaprojects	timeandmoney	0	
natgio	time-table4u	1	
ozioso	time-stamper	1	
architekt	tilelib	1	
viet	tigre	1	Developer
netaman	tigre	1	
rubenrovira	tieradapter	1	Developer
omarbellio	tieradapter	0	Developer
msalias	tieradapter	1	Project Manager
geoffmc	tidywrap	0	Developer
creitzel	tidywrap	1	Project Manager
arnaud02	tidywrap	0	Developer
fcarlier	tidyfornet	1	
terry_teague	tidy	1	Developer
lpassey	tidy	0	Developer
krusch	tidy	0	Developer
hoehrmann	tidy	1	Developer
draggett	tidy	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
creitzel	tidy	1	Developer
arnaud02	tidy	0	Developer
payement	ti89editor	1	Project Manager
bckgrndstds	thenxtcc	1	
axionet	thymedes	1	Project Manager
thycotic	thycotic-data	1	
mizar_sf	thunderblitz	1	
seriema	thumbview	1	Developer
rootbear	thumbview	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ashmore_dc	threadworks	1	
hanseno	threads	1	Project Manager
cass	threads	0	Developer
cdrnet	threadmsg	1	
jdavies	thorn	1	
nekronomekron	thor	1	
dwhall	thmonkeeproject	1	
yozefg	thinking-forth	0	Developer
paysan	thinking-forth	1	Developer
nmh	thinking-forth	0	Developer
meldrum	thinking-forth	0	Developer
masamic	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lesto	thinking-forth	0	Developer
jhoger	thinking-forth	1	Project Manager
frer	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
beroset	thinking-forth	0	Developer
alive-dsn	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aertl	thinking-forth	0	Developer
lionel_b	thinkcollabs	1	
julien-perret	thinkcollabs	1	
rsquared	thexfile	1	
vsprog	thespg	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
purplechap	thespg	1	Editorial/Content Writer
davidhutton	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
caj	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
shepdog	thep2plattice	0	Developer
eldaly	thep2plattice	1	Project Manager
badnick	thep2plattice	0	Developer
birnfeld	theopenengine	1	
philiplindsay	themongoose	1	
codebert9	theide	1	
nothingelz	theida	1	
tabmaster	thefigaro	1	
martinjakubik	theclublisher	1	Project Manager
amon-theba	thebadb	1	
willgorman	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
softwareserf	theanvil	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
shannonhastings	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
panman75	theanvil	0	Developer
ostersc	theanvil	1	All-Hands Person
nathasm	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
exile57	theanvil	0	All-Hands Person
astar_	the7bind	1	
viciousdog	the-next-please	1	
dawus	thallo	1	
suriver	tgtl	0	Developer
muhkuh25	tgtl	0	Developer
bobvodka	tgtl	1	Developer
dwichman	tghcache	1	Developer
pbklink	tfieldedtext	1	
nilsine	telefonino	1	
littlecooldude	textmenu	1	Developer
yurimalheiros	textflow	1	Developer
n3t0	textflow	1	
dfrey42	textfilt	1	
cmweat01	textconverter	1	
enders	textconv	1	
thorkri	text	1	
nikita_sidorov	text-template	1	
stefanoss	texlib	0	Developer
skunk	texlib	0	Developer
oblomov	texlib	1	
ljulliar	texidoclet	1	
jscheid	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
alexl	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
tetsujin	tetsujin	1	
yoshigoya	teststudio	1	
valcas	testpilot	1	
luano	testpilot	1	Developer
lexusolution	testmaster	0	Developer
bahgdadc	testmaster	0	Developer
alandpearson	testmaster	1	
tjhart	testkit	1	All-Hands Person
dmgass	testgen	1	
bahgdadc	testfoundry	1	Developer
dranatunga	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
aaronwhittier	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
rmccullough	tesly	0	Developer
bcurtis	tesly	1	Project Manager
nkuitse	teskrel	1	
pombredanne	teretere	1	Project Manager
teniga	teniga	1	
v_pecinka	teng	1	Project Manager
vasek	teng	1	Project Manager
sten__	teng	0	Developer
solamyl	teng	1	Project Manager
rpodgorny	teng	0	Developer
romanmarek	teng	0	Developer
phuture	teng	0	
koko007	teng	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chose	teng	0	Web Designer
chlastakov	teng	1	Developer
burlog	teng	1	Developer
adam410	tempophp	1	
operator_smooth	template	1	
ktat	template-viewer	1	Developer
iwaim	template-viewer	0	Developer
vishnu_pillai	template-lang	1	
manu_mr	template-lang	0	Analysis / Design
vrruiz	templage	1	
rgammans	telo	1	
ruben1980	teleport	1	Developer
arnold81	teleport	1	
teranova1969	teevee	1	
sguna	teenylime	0	Developer
paolinux78	teenylime	1	Project Manager
mceriotti	teenylime	0	
lmottola	teenylime	1	
bronwasser	teenylime	0	Developer
ben_christian	teenylime	0	Developer
shanky_tiwari	tee	1	
freed0	tecviewer	1	
dek0000	technoforge	1	
chessh	tease	1	
roman_k	teamtrac	1	
micmanos	teamsync	1	
marciodeg	teampuzzle	1	
cpernaut	teampuzzle	1	
atownley	te-code	1	
kevin_richards	tdwgrdfbrowser	1	
tebis	tdmlib	1	Project Manager
shwetarajkot	tdlplayground	1	
saas2813	tde	0	No specific role
dcorbin	tde	1	
atinkham	tde	0	
andrea_piovesan	tdbtreeview	1	
psypath	tdbsql	1	
kangling	tdbsql	0	
hajvan	tdbsql	0	Unix Admin
godp	tdbsql	0	Developer
tridge	tdb	1	
tpot	tdb	1	
rusty	tdb	1	
mbp	tdb	0	Developer
jeremy	tdb	1	
dave0	tdb	0	
cyeoh	tdb	1	
conrad	tdb	0	Developer
ben	tdb	1	
antonb	tdb	1	
gsantinimx	tc65apidevelop	1	Project Manager
miketyler	tcpcomponents	1	
mrtn	tconf	1	
jesjones	tcom	1	
ricardoj	tclwebcompanion	1	
jscottb	tclvs	1	
kenstir	tclunit	1	
xiaotaow	tcludp	1	Project Manager
patthoyts	tcludp	1	Developer
puffmagicdragon	tcltextedit	0	Developer
dennis2	tcltextedit	1	Developer
robert_seeger	tclstubs	1	
matben	tclspeech	1	
schoepe	tclsnippets	1	
rnurmi	tclodbc	1	All-Hands Person
hobbs	tclodbc	1	
exgerhardr	tclodbc	1	
martinlemburg	tclmapi	1	
mmclennan	tclish	1	
marhar	tclish	1	
kraney	tclish	1	
jgarrison	tclimage	1	
jaspp	tclgbp	1	Developer
breadcrust	tclgbp	1	
tst	tclfr	1	
darkevil	tclfr	0	
bazz	tclfr	1	
angra	tclfr	1	
wenig17	tclcompress	1	
roadkillbunny	tclcanvas	1	Project Manager
das	tclapplescript	1	Project Manager
bdesgraupes	tclapplescript	1	
andreas_kupries	tclapplescript	0	Developer
zeekec	tclap	0	Developer
mes5k	tclap	1	
macbishop	tclap	1	Developer
petasis	tclagent	1	
cyan	tcl-tlc	1	
sarnold75	tcl-pkg	1	
quadrabyte	tcl-cm3	0	No specific role
poleegamm	tcl-cm3	0	No specific role
mangoa01	tcl-cm3	1	
talidat	tce	1	
carnege	tce	0	No specific role
a_thiele	tce	1	Developer
univxasm	tcalc	1	All-Hands Person
peacekeeper	tcalc	0	Tester
arunarunarun	tcalc	0	Project Manager
little_freaky	tc-ipod-plugin	1	
terracotta	tc-ehcache	1	
tburgler	tburgler	1	
ecocode	tbt	1	All-Hands Person
theodiggers	tbroot	1	Project Manager
panhead490	tbroot	0	Developer
netaustin	tbroot	0	Developer
blkonblk	tbroot	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
futuretab	tbreporting	1	
tomasvilda	tbarcode	1	
redbomberman	tbaproductions	1	
shammah	tba-py	1	
skiminki	tautomaton	1	Project Manager
natet	tasksw	1	
lzpy	taskservice	1	
mati_pl	taskplanner	1	
hellmasterita	taskman	1	
valdarez	taskit	1	Project Manager
joiellis	taskit	1	All-Hands Person
tahasam	taskbean	1	Project Manager
raufi	taskbean	1	Project Manager
biglug	tasc	1	
soulrift	tarmak	0	Developer
nebu_pookins	tarmak	1	
reeteshmukul	tarang	1	
scornflake	tapestry	0	Developer
rlewisshell	tapestry	0	Developer
mindbridge	tapestry	0	Developer
hship	tapestry	1	Developer
glongman	tapestry	0	Developer
lutzh	tapestry-jcr	1	
sandroheitz	tango	0	
mathis	tango	1	
tek2001x	tanglekit	0	Developer
lynix	tanglekit	0	Developer
jdmartinez	tanglekit	0	Developer
generalgherkin	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
bryan_se	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
petays	tammi	0	Developer
mpriha	tammi	1	Developer
ipriha	tammi	1	Developer
sivaraj	tamiltools	1	All-Hands Person
wursterj	talks2	1	
eisenmann	talks2	1	Project Manager
scw1109	tajaxable	1	Developer
joannafan	tajaxable	1	Developer
dbai	tajaxable	1	Developer
sonbuianh	tailormanager	1	
warlock00	tailforwin32	0	Developer
ragamuffin	tailforwin32	0	Developer
paulperkins	tailforwin32	1	Project Manager
objektiv	tailforwin32	1	
simon_g_brown	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
sam_dalton	tagunit	1	All-Hands Person
cjd4	tagunit	0	Developer
timoross	tagtraum-jo	0	Developer
mn_de	tagtraum-jo	0	Developer
hendriks73	tagtraum-jo	1	
hkiemes	tagsearch	1	
reval	tagprint	1	Developer
micci	tagprint	1	Project Manager
makotos	tagprint	1	Project Manager
baykit	tagprint	1	
osmo	tagmgr	1	
biswapesh	tagmanager	1	
knigge	taglibtools	1	
traber	taglets	1	
essmann	taglets	1	Developer
cjstehno	taggerplugin	1	
oliver_horst	tagcloud	1	Developer
bastl	tagcloud	1	
ngan	tagbrowser	1	
zombi	tacos	0	
sunfmin	tacos	0	Developer
sdanig	tacos	0	Developer
phraktle	tacos	1	Project Manager
leoquijano	tacos	0	Developer
jkuhnert	tacos	1	Developer
jeje	tacos	0	Developer
idrobiazko	tacos	0	Developer
ideasculptor	tacos	0	Developer
gabrielha	tacos	0	Developer
darkeye	tacos	0	Developer
andyhot	tacos	1	Developer
gabrielteratos	tabulation	1	
albel	tabletag	1	
titanandrews	tablediff	1	
clawsss	t2web	1	Developer
xthefull	t-gtk	1	Project Manager
rosenwla	t-gtk	0	
riztan	t-gtk	0	
marcosgambeta	t-gtk	0	
kuato	t-gtk	0	
gamaliel0763	t-gtk	0	
clneumann	t-gtk	0	
bfeely	mzx32	1	
zvi	mzgtk	0	
rustychris	mzgtk	1	
mhohl	myupx	1	
harishkswamy	myworkspace	1	
neocarton	myvarmng	1	
burkovsky	mytracker	1	Project Manager
ternet	mytm	1	
lordmyth	mythge	1	Project Manager
piotrjura	mystix	1	Project Manager
llutti	mystix	0	Developer
swsalan	mysqlmembership	1	
ultralight32	mysqldrivercs	1	
cmurialdo	mysqldrivercs	0	Developer
cwienands	mysqldotnet	1	
redi	mysqlcppapi	1	Developer
murrayc	mysqlcppapi	1	Project Manager
hellonnet00	mysql32dll	1	
johngaughan	mysql--	0	Developer
dsharp	mysql--	1	Project Manager
bleuler	myspms	1	Project Manager
ravenix2	mysep	1	Project Manager
giorgio83	mysdlgui	1	
lion12345678910	myprograming	1	Project Manager
javaj2eej2me	myprograming	0	Web Designer
candy91	myprograming	0	Web Designer
davidlxm	myprofiler	1	
trini0	myphpnuke	0	All-Hands Person
s10v8	myphpnuke	0	Developer
kirilt	myphpnuke	0	Developer
gacott	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
doyley	myphpnuke	0	Developer
ajvwaay	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
alexvx	myphpframework	1	
pimspage	myphpbugtracker	1	
amaddeus	myphpbikelog	1	
philip_stoev	myparsepp	1	
gururamnath	myorders	1	Project Manager
thazel	myoodb	1	
neodatatype	myneoreport	1	
vg103	mymomsboat	1	
markusoj	mymodules	1	
jjap	myjnipp	1	Developer
williams_jt	myjavapack	1	
bchat	myjavaio	1	
shedlife	myion-osgi	0	All-Hands Person
homehub	myion-osgi	1	
davidpallison	myion-osgi	0	
myinterestsde	myide	1	
robert42539	myforms	0	Developer
pilotpencil	myforms	0	No specific role
dmcfeeters	myforms	1	Developer
dkburk	myforms	0	No specific role
covrainbow	myforms	0	Developer
rbondi	mydbrand	1	
nafm	mydblist	1	
webarthur	mydbadmin	1	
thinkkevin	mycodeline	0	
flyerhzm	mycodeline	1	
slavikos	mybamboo	1	
nels	myaphp	1	All-Hands Person
marcelrienks	my-utilities	1	
dwayneb	my-lib	1	
sjaako	my-gui	0	Developer
my_name	my-gui	1	Unix Admin
deniskoronchik	my-gui	0	
altren	my-gui	1	All-Hands Person
jonnymind	mxml	1	
dgp85	mxml	0	Developer
alexsilv	mxml	0	Developer
sebdashrek	mxf	1	Developer
hardlife	mxf	1	Developer
flohimself	mxf	1	All-Hands Person
wkharold	mx4j	0	Developer
warrenm	mx4j	0	Developer
unsaved	mx4j	0	Developer
tibu	mx4j	1	Project Manager
simonebordet	mx4j	1	Developer
shadow12	mx4j	0	Developer
pathakss	mx4j	0	Developer
oreinert	mx4j	0	Developer
nameislocus	mx4j	0	Developer
n_alex_rupp	mx4j	0	Developer
miojio	mx4j	0	Developer
mgore	mx4j	0	Developer
mfuzzey	mx4j	0	Developer
markmcbride	mx4j	0	Developer
maguro	mx4j	0	Developer
jvanzyl	mx4j	0	Developer
jeje	mx4j	0	Developer
jboynes	mx4j	0	Developer
gabriel_la	mx4j	0	Developer
dsamsonoff	mx4j	0	Developer
damien_evans	mx4j	0	Developer
ccano	mx4j	0	Developer
cavis	mx4j	0	Developer
btscully	mx4j	0	Developer
bknights	mx4j	0	Developer
biorn_steedom	mx4j	0	Developer
a_taherkordi	mx4j	0	Developer
pmuellr	mwep	1	
skonnard	mvp-xml	1	Developer
silverlight	mvp-xml	1	Developer
palermo4	mvp-xml	1	Developer
joefawcett	mvp-xml	1	Developer
jjulian2	mvp-xml	1	Developer
helgy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
fumiakiy	mvp-xml	1	Developer
don_xml	mvp-xml	1	Developer
dcazzulino	mvp-xml	1	Project Manager
christophdotnet	mvp-xml	0	Developer
christianweyer	mvp-xml	0	Developer
chrispels	mvp-xml	1	Developer
abcrumley	mvcdotnet	1	Project Manager
deadwood_pl	murks-ide	1	
amidevcpp	murks-ide	1	All-Hands Person
alexbarcelo	multinstaller	1	All-Hands Person
brentonhouse	mutantcode	1	Project Manager
molasses	mushroom	1	
riverlet	murong	1	
raven-arch	mups	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arbron	mups	1	Project Manager
alienid	muos	1	
mktmk	muntl	1	
eadurbin	munge	1	
acalarcon	mundofeliz1	1	
badaro	mundo4j	1	
saurabh_arorain	mumltool	1	
tvv	multixml	1	
usankhla	multitreemap	0	Developer
testmpp	multitreemap	0	Tester
scheruga	multitreemap	1	Developer
benstein	multitreemap	0	Tester
jegreenwo	multitierlib	1	
smerten	multiplatform	1	
reichel-mid	multiplatform	0	Developer
ppoller	multiplatform	0	Developer
portele	multiplatform	0	Developer
kirchman	multiplatform	1	Developer
jesjones	multimethods	1	
mensk	multieof	1	
davidteran	multieof	0	
mutilador	multidonto	1	
didivp	multidonto	1	
bain	multidb	1	Project Manager
tvv	multicurl	1	
taq	multicssparser	1	
mteel	multicpu	1	
tvv	multicache	1	
tvv	multiajax	1	
hrgdavor	multi-tapestry	1	
merlinke	multi-platformc	1	
zoid-	mulib	0	Developer
spaced00d	mulib	0	Developer
retek	mulib	0	Tester
neuwirth	mulib	0	Developer
mwright	mulib	0	Developer
mudry	mulib	1	Project Manager
espakm	mulib	0	Developer
andrewjb	mulib	0	Developer
kherrera3	mukei	1	Developer
mmcnamee	mtjunit	1	
gregferg	mset	1	
shevek	msxz80asm	1	
kanima	msxdk	1	
pcwong	mswid	1	
inertia186	msuapi	1	Developer
thementat	mstring	1	Project Manager
pez4brian	mstring	1	Project Manager
fortuna	mstor	1	
gscacco	mstockfl	1	
mikemayer	msquared	1	
alikizil	msp	1	
verhees	msm-api	1	
afarouk	msiprogramming	1	
xiaowen	msi-repackaging	1	
pbh-at-mit	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
dstevens	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
mse1	mseide-msegui	1	Developer
den_jean	mseide-msegui	1	
zmichailov	msdk	1	Project Manager
mazaczek	msdk	0	Developer
tekcor	msd	1	Project Manager
inertia186	msapi	1	
bbwang	mqzoom	1	
mnambiar	mqsurfer	1	
goga	mptn	1	
cowboy_bob	mpsc-modules	1	
shiana	mpnt	1	Developer
ralu	mpnt	1	Developer
ioana_boureanu	mpnt	0	No specific role
hritcu	mpnt	1	Developer
code_gems	mpnt	1	Developer
sgilhodes	mplatform	1	
scaps	mpkg	1	
lpenet	mpkg	1	
rosenfeld	mpide	1	Developer
rodolforg	mpide	1	
mrmx	mparser	1	
wellard	mp3apollo	0	
usha	mp3apollo	0	Developer
rhino-x	mp3apollo	0	Developer
napmusic	mp3apollo	0	Developer
liquidgod	mp3apollo	1	Project Manager
avaneendra	mp3apollo	0	Developer
amit_dsp	mp3apollo	0	Developer
zebons	mp-plugins	0	Developer
ykamchi	mp-plugins	0	Developer
yevgenb1	mp-plugins	0	Developer
yamp	mp-plugins	0	Developer
wima75	mp-plugins	0	Developer
wiesener	mp-plugins	0	Developer
vertiger	mp-plugins	0	Developer
tsmotw	mp-plugins	0	
tourettes_	mp-plugins	0	Developer
timmyt81	mp-plugins	0	Developer
symphy	mp-plugins	0	Developer
superspuck	mp-plugins	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
soapskyway	mp-plugins	0	
sh4nn0w	mp-plugins	0	
sergem1	mp-plugins	0	Developer
sambalw	mp-plugins	0	
saamand	mp-plugins	0	Developer
rtv_sf	mp-plugins	1	Developer
rsparey	mp-plugins	0	Graphic/Other Designer
ronilse	mp-plugins	0	Developer
qawaali	mp-plugins	0	Developer
prashantv	mp-plugins	0	Developer
pdelusion	mp-plugins	0	
pbb72	mp-plugins	0	Developer
patrick_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
overture	mp-plugins	0	Developer
orionhall	mp-plugins	0	Developer
nshvydky	mp-plugins	0	Developer
northern_sky	mp-plugins	0	
mpod_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
moiristo	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mofux	mp-plugins	0	Developer
misterd_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mikael_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
micheloe	mp-plugins	0	Developer
maschine	mp-plugins	0	Developer
mablebee	mp-plugins	0	
m0rt_pdm	mp-plugins	0	
lrfalk01	mp-plugins	0	Developer
lopeztuparles	mp-plugins	0	Developer
loki_66_	mp-plugins	0	Developer
lkuech	mp-plugins	0	Developer
kroko_koenig	mp-plugins	0	Developer
jupek	mp-plugins	0	Developer
jonnep	mp-plugins	0	Developer
joedalton	mp-plugins	0	Developer
j_burnette	mp-plugins	0	
james_sf	mp-plugins	1	
i-loop	mp-plugins	1	Tester
ideasdigger	mp-plugins	0	Developer
hwahrmann	mp-plugins	1	Project Manager
heloxone	mp-plugins	0	Developer
harleymp	mp-plugins	0	Developer
happytalk	mp-plugins	0	Developer
gregorvsf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
gregmac45	mp-plugins	0	Developer
gizzard29	mp-plugins	0	
gibman_dk	mp-plugins	0	Developer
ghose_sf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
gemx	mp-plugins	0	Developer
framug	mp-plugins	0	Developer
fiftychickens	mp-plugins	0	Developer
fergusod	mp-plugins	0	Developer
fcsobel	mp-plugins	0	Developer
falkyre	mp-plugins	0	Developer
epstone	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dukus	mp-plugins	0	Developer
diehard2	mp-plugins	0	Developer
diefenthal	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dettrittus	mp-plugins	0	Developer
darrenmcg	mp-plugins	0	
dalanorth	mp-plugins	0	Developer
codeshackdotnet	mp-plugins	0	Developer
chreekar	mp-plugins	0	Developer
chef_koch	mp-plugins	0	
cawolf	mp-plugins	0	Developer
campling	mp-plugins	0	Developer
broceliande	mp-plugins	0	Developer
booyakasha1	mp-plugins	0	Developer
blaxwan	mp-plugins	0	Developer
beaverfood	mp-plugins	0	
bakerq	mp-plugins	0	Developer
andrea_cioli	mp-plugins	0	Developer
and-81	mp-plugins	1	Developer
agree	mp-plugins	0	
abavarian	mp-plugins	0	Developer
umibozu	mobilesuite	1	
artide	mobilesuite	0	
guerillapress	mobisudoku	1	
d53a4	motorengine	1	
jdmoreno	modulipse	1	
uphaar	moznews	0	All-Hands Person
mozillaman	moznews	1	
minghong	moznews	0	
bghose	moznews	0	Developer
terralance	motmot	1	Project Manager
saintiss	motmot	1	Project Manager
pvgorp	motmot	1	Project Manager
bartm85	motmot	0	Developer
efphe	mother	1	
olsonw	moss	1	
octavianh	mosquito	1	
chadnorvell	mosaicengine	1	
whitti	mortik	1	
teebeenz	mortik	1	Developer
stpere	mortik	1	Developer
qrebound	mortik	0	Developer
kriisu	mortik	0	Editorial/Content Writer
keto	mortik	1	Developer
fliggerty	morrowindonline	1	Developer
darksecond	morrowindonline	1	
kenichi_f	morpho	1	Project Manager
sdfisher	morepalmos	1	
boretti	moreforgprolog	1	
thorsteng	moreforcpp	1	
jolby	moppy	1	
reborn16	moonshadow	0	Doc Writer
joa23	moonshadow	0	Developer
hbaxmann	moonshadow	1	Analysis / Design
emperor666	moonlight-o-win	1	
luke-jr	moonix	1	
enrai	moonix	0	
brettbc	moonix	0	
brixen	moonbeams	1	
ulrich_fuchs	moon	1	
nblack13	moo3d	0	
luke-jr	moo3d	1	
enamtvedt	moo3d	0	Developer
sbtourist	montag	1	
saloustr	montag	0	Developer
monsterengine	monsterengine	1	Project Manager
wschuler	monsterapi	1	Project Manager
robloach	monoxna	1	Developer
neozack	monoxna	0	Developer
jendave	monoxna	1	Developer
garuma	monoxna	0	Developer
borrillis	monoxna	0	Tester
mcastrillo	monoworkshop	1	
bourbaki	monod	1	
xen2	monobind	1	
zhobson	monkeywrench	0	
wonka	monkeywrench	1	
useevil	monkeywrench	0	
gefilte	monkeywrench	1	
dweimer	monkeywrench	0	
dcline	monkeywrench	1	
cnation	monkeywrench	1	
pasnox	monkeystudio	1	Developer
h_lamer	monkeystudio	1	Developer
evgenm	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
eskatos	monkeystudio	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
absinth_kobold	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sdunlap	monkeyjuice	1	
drmoro75	momeunit	1	Developer
drmoro75	momelib	1	
micampe	moleskine	1	
herzi	moleskine	0	Developer
dhouy	moleskine	0	Developer
cavada	moleskine	0	Developer
wagnerr2	molaepipe	1	
tedx2k	mokoi	1	Project Manager
mferris	mokit	1	Project Manager
jgraz	mokit	1	Developer
native_mind	mojavi	1	All-Hands Person
illusina	mojavi	1	Project Manager
feti	mojavi	1	
graham_k	moink	1	
scresto	modsysmem	1	
jtillman	modinfo	1	
cushard	modinfo	1	
sbigaret	modeling	1	Project Manager
ruggier	modeling	0	Doc Writer
jan1024188	modelconverter	1	
eydelber	modauthfire	1	
oserna	mockservlet	1	Developer
corujo-h	mockservlet	0	Developer
chenno	mockservlet	1	
jcscoobyrs	mockrunner	0	Developer
gliptak	mockrunner	0	Developer
aibba	mockrunner	1	Project Manager
ewald-arnold	mockpp	1	No specific role
danielweber	mockpp	0	Tester
carle_cote	mockpp	0	Developer
wsargent	mockobjects	0	Developer
vmassol	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
smgf	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
npryce	mockobjects	0	All-Hands Person
nitin_matrix	mockobjects	0	All-Hands Person
macta	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
joeretro	mockobjects	0	Developer
drcottee	mockobjects	0	Developer
custommonkey	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
fastdragon	mockobject	1	Developer
dimitarg	mockejb	0	Developer
aananiev	mockejb	1	
mockcahill	mockbase	1	Project Manager
jjmrocha	mocho	1	
mochacafe	mochastudiocafe	1	
omenmedia	mocha4php	1	All-Hands Person
helldisplay	moch	1	
reassembler	mobys	1	
dfurque	mobra	1	
nyamga	mobiledic	1	Unix Admin
andrewescott	mobiledevtools	1	
jaccobikker	mobilecore	1	
mfx_	mnxj	1	
masakatsu	mmt	1	
rborsuk	mmsprites	1	
mkloss	mmsg	1	
vladimir	mmixmasters	1	Project Manager
pne	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
codefool	mmixmasters	0	No specific role
alexanderb	mmix-mode	1	
wheijke	mmapps	1	Developer
rveer	mmapps	0	Developer
nklasens	mmapps	1	Developer
korsvanbeem	mmapps	0	
keesj	mmapps	1	Developer
ekkelenkamp	mmapps	1	Developer
shadocko	mlam	1	
mankillerbg	mktoolset	1	Developer
heitara	mktoolset	0	Developer
cobster	mktoolset	0	Developer
biseptol	mktoolset	0	Tester
merlincorey	mklientsdk	1	
bgr	mklientsdk	0	
jimmyflynn	mklib	1	Project Manager
mmg_kraus	mkextensions	1	
jmglov	mkdoxy	1	
cehall	mkdoxy	0	Developer
lhksoft	mjpgtools	1	
gudujarlson	mjp	1	
hommih	mjdf	1	
metalskin	mjcalander	1	
obaysal	minervan	1	
b_stancescu	milcovlib	1	
dsmith	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
dmiceman	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
alex_benson	mixlanguage	1	
minehe	mitochondria	1	
topolar	misterengine	1	Project Manager
rgrenar	misterengine	0	Developer
osterba	misterengine	0	Developer
mkolisek	misterengine	0	Developer
jeffdrost	missionbase	1	
fennema	mis	1	
perkeo	miriam	1	Project Manager
lenov	miriam	1	Project Manager
kristian_v	miranda-os	1	Developer
wb5cc23	mira	0	Developer
tstone2077	mira	0	Developer
shafiahmed	mira	0	Developer
ntgn81	mira	0	Developer
nabachman	mira	0	Developer
j_k9	mira	1	
harishankar	mira	0	Support Manager
farrukh123	mira	0	Developer
clsk	mira	0	Developer
beyonddc	mira	0	Developer
akar_naveen	mira	0	Developer
vlasa	minstaller	1	
dpeters	minpo	1	
jwa	minorgems	0	Developer
jtavan	minorgems	0	Developer
jcr13	minorgems	1	
psychogenic	minixml	1	
jerker_back	miniwiz	1	Project Manager
swenker	ministone	1	
ourutopia	ministone	0	Developer
retrev	minissd	1	
cory_sf	minissd	0	Developer
tolik	miniserver	1	Developer
t22t	miniserver	1	Developer
mpgcan	miniserver	0	Developer
iapain007	miniserver	0	Developer
empirex	miniserver	1	Project Manager
parmaja	minilib	1	Developer
jihad_khalifa	minilib	0	Developer
belal	minilib	0	Developer
si-design	mini-b3d	1	
pfalcon	mingwrep	1	All-Hands Person
ela	mingwrep	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
niunio	mingro	1	
kurozumifactory	minerva-library	1	
tokoe82	mindx	0	Developer
sademar	mindx	0	
pandur	mindx	0	
dr_maux	mindx	1	Project Manager
lazlohf	mindwidgets	1	
royalassasin	mindlence-game	0	Developer
exile_10	mindlence-game	1	Developer
jperaltac	mincur	1	
mjclm	minc	1	
anoripi	milkbox	1	Developer
sp0nge	milk	1	
minim_os	milib	1	
anton2007	miliarder	1	
toddrun	migrate4j	1	Developer
sam_ware	migrate4j	0	Developer
james3253	migrate4j	0	Developer
eroi	migrate4j	1	Project Manager
ellisojl	migrate4j	1	Project Manager
elindberg	migrate4j	1	Developer
arrrghnold	migrate4j	1	Developer
henrag	midway	0	All-Hands Person
eggestad	midway	1	
cstup	midway	0	
mikelly	midnightxen	1	
larsl	midicontrol	1	
thiefghost	midgetwindows	1	
tcorbettclark	midge	1	
shadow_knight	midgard-rad	1	Developer
pyrus	midgard-rad	1	Developer
pre	midgard-rad	1	
vinyvat	midea	1	
controlaltsup	mide3de2	1	
nothingelz	mida	1	
uwefeldtmann	microshare	0	Developer
microshare	microshare	1	Project Manager
alagumadhu	microshare	0	Developer
leethomason	micropather	1	
mnagata	micronova-yuzu	1	
vipul_sagare	microjavadallas	0	Developer
quikdraw	microjavadallas	1	Project Manager
pansteth	microjavadallas	0	Developer
koralage	microjavadallas	0	Developer
doug75006	microjavadallas	0	Developer
bafarrar	microjavadallas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rayshi	microfwk	1	
michae1	microframe	1	
vlads	microemulator	1	
tisoft	microemulator	0	Developer
microemu-build	microemulator	0	
barteo	microemulator	1	
niksus	microbrowser	1	Developer
mimerdk	microbrowser	1	Developer
bskaarup	microbrowser	1	Developer
binan	microbrowser	1	Developer
sentrix	microberemains	1	Project Manager
evil_overlord	microberemains	0	
pfryan	micro-workflow	0	Developer
dmanolescu	micro-workflow	1	
srv89	mic	0	Developer
raissi	mic	0	Developer
gouaich	mic	1	Project Manager
fmichel	mic	1	Developer
cdartnell	mic	0	Developer
galaid	miaoumessenger	1	
leo_sobral	mhpbox	1	Developer
igorgatis	mhpbox	1	Project Manager
fernandopassaro	mhpbox	1	Developer
nmav	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
niemeyer	mhash	1	All-Hands Person
imipak	mhash	1	Project Manager
isglass	mgdk	1	
daladala	mgdk	1	Developer
mgofficial	mgcore	1	
rbfrenchy	mfsm	1	Project Manager
flatmax	mffmlibsndfilew	1	
csimpson	mexjni	1	
agersoor	meshisotroopin	1	
dayaparan	meyshanwall	1	
yildiray	metu-ihe-pix	1	
yildiray	metu-ihe-atna	1	
dapendragon	metrictime	1	
dagvl	metrictime	1	Developer
vesa_karvonen	metricsanalyzer	1	
williamkeehn	metrics	0	Developer
tubrody	metrics	0	
sauerf	metrics	1	Developer
gboissier	metrics	0	Developer
donv70	metrics	0	Developer
laserwada	metric-pl	1	
martinellison	methodsupport	1	
pacca	metatext	1	
entrex	metarbe	1	
hawkins0	metapersist	1	
ngorsuch	metamenu	0	Developer
naughtont	metamenu	0	Developer
muglerj	metamenu	0	Developer
jsquyres	metamenu	1	Project Manager
jenos	metamenu	0	Developer
bligneri	metamenu	0	Developer
metalised	metalisedxml	1	
gongminmin	metalib	1	
jtlien	metalasm	1	
daedius	metahack	1	
sjbrown	metagamesector	1	
paubert	metaet	1	
soechtig	meta-jb	0	Developer
singram	meta-jb	0	Developer
rda-autobuild	meta-jb	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rconner	meta-jb	0	Developer
pwwisnes	meta-jb	0	Developer
pspeed	meta-jb	1	Project Manager
mveitas	meta-jb	0	Developer
minh0001	meta-jb	0	
lerxt	meta-jb	0	Developer
jeffreyerikson	meta-jb	0	
ewbragg	meta-jb	0	Developer
esword	meta-jb	0	Developer
dtidrow	meta-jb	0	Developer
dgarvis	meta-jb	0	Developer
deinomight	meta-jb	0	Developer
davesheremata	meta-jb	0	Developer
chafing	meta-jb	0	Developer
atkinson_b2	meta-jb	0	Developer
masakatsu	met	1	
hrasko	met	0	Developer
arthavus	mestrecontrol	1	
hjawaid	messageforge	1	
axelp	messageforge	0	Developer
cedrik_lime	messadmin	1	
syrjala	mesa3d	0	Developer
randall-frank	mesa3d	0	Developer
kschultz	mesa3d	0	Developer
keithw	mesa3d	1	Developer
jrfonseca	mesa3d	0	Developer
joukj	mesa3d	0	Developer
jonsmirl	mesa3d	0	Developer
idr	mesa3d	0	Developer
hwaechtler	mesa3d	0	Developer
fxkuehl	mesa3d	0	Developer
dok666	mesa3d	0	Developer
dborca	mesa3d	0	Developer
davem69	mesa3d	0	Developer
brianp	mesa3d	1	Project Manager
anholt	mesa3d	0	Developer
alanh	mesa3d	1	Developer
airlied	mesa3d	0	Developer
mahmut1	merve	1	
balliano	merlinwork	1	Developer
agiardina	merlinwork	1	
nutcaserr	merlinlibs	1	
the0ther	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
stanwiechers	merkwelt	1	Project Manager
notniko	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
markussp	merkwelt	0	Project Manager
lhende	merkwelt	0	Developer
mars-man	merida	1	
pepls	mercuri	1	All-Hands Person
shrirangb	menuetlibc	1	Developer
menuetlibc	menuetlibc	1	
roeincarnate	menucracker	0	Developer
jmiltner	menucracker	0	Developer
james_007_bond	menucracker	1	
blofeld	menucracker	0	Developer
alharper	menucracker	0	Developer
jocenildo	mentawai-plugin	1	
velo_br	menta-ide	1	
hk0i	mengen	1	
johnw42	mendel	1	
taneltanel	menda	0	Developer
simuran	menda	0	Developer
martyna	menda	0	Web Designer
fmar	menda	1	Developer
javazoid	memstruct	0	Developer
andreamedeghini	memstruct	1	Developer
mccllc	memrspn	1	
shikin	memory-mgr	1	
tcepsa	memlib	1	
rtdean	memlib	1	
michaeltaft	memento	1	Project Manager
timiscool999	memcacheddotnet	1	
haighis	memcachedcf	1	
timp	melati	1	
timjoyce	melati	1	
mylesc	melati	1	
jimwrightbe	melati	1	Developer
dwarnock	melati	0	Developer
rconner	melange	1	
wizdom	megazeux	1	Web Designer
terryn	megazeux	0	Support Manager
revvy	megazeux	0	Developer
mr_alert	megazeux	0	Developer
exophase	megazeux	1	Developer
asceai	megazeux	0	Developer
jsan	megatruquitos	1	
schmendrick	megabase	0	Developer
noahlandow	megabase	0	Developer
natbudin	megabase	1	
dforger	medulla	1	
mvidner	medoosa	1	Project Manager
dannybackx	meditres	1	Project Manager
amai	meditres	1	Developer
madmonky1	meditphp	1	
snaos	meddac	0	Developer
rob_jeffrey	meddac	0	Developer
cybersongs	meddac	1	
boss1	meddac	1	Developer
jmayrbaeurl	meclipseplugpl	1	Project Manager
ozbulo	mdx-analyzer	1	
herveleclerc	mdb2ingres	1	
awtopensource	mdaworkbench	1	
mrward	md-xed	1	Developer
heloxone	mce-plugins	0	Developer
diefenthal	mce-plugins	1	
mcs_developer	mcs-server	1	Developer
el-co	mcs-server	0	Doc Writer
dw314159	mcs-libre	1	
sunheng	mcrypt	1	Project Manager
steve_p16	mcrypt	0	Developer
sibc	mcrypt	0	Developer
senfo_99	mcrypt	0	Developer
rsiyer	mcrypt	0	Developer
nmav	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
niemeyer	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
juhani_heino	mcrypt	0	Developer
irl_chris	mcrypt	0	Developer
imipak	mcrypt	1	All-Hands Person
emerado	mcrypt	0	Developer
choube_mehul	mcrypt	0	Developer
burning_hill	mcrypt	0	Developer
fedor_tyurin	mcontrolstation	1	Project Manager
ohlrogge	mconide	1	
mibaltd	mcllib	1	
coderdude	mcdx	1	Project Manager
skanga	mcap	1	
zjm	mca2	0	No specific role
ziegenm	mca2	1	Project Manager
quams	mca2	0	No specific role
luksch	mca2	0	Developer
klaus_uhl	mca2	1	Project Manager
kayulrich	mca2	0	No specific role
hochhold	mca2	0	No specific role
gassmann	mca2	0	No specific role
michaelbutler	mbeanconfig	1	Project Manager
vlc	mbasic	1	
djander	mb9xisp	1	
noske	massageboxautom	1	
dwondrousch	matc	1	
chamindra	marvim	1	
vraravam	markerexport	1	
maxvirtual	maxvirtual	1	
lukemaxon	maxonrules	1	
xpl2	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
kelledin	maxlinux	1	Project Manager
doc_linux	maxlinux	0	Doc Writer
maxboom	maxco	1	
skot	mavnet	1	
nmrs	mavnet	1	
corts	mavnet	1	Developer
rjc	maverick	1	
jsolomon	maverick	0	
herbr	maverick	0	
emaverick	maverick	0	
cbyrum	maverick	1	
ashleychapman	maverick	0	
kevin_conaway	maven-jlex	1	
pguyot	maven-erlang	0	
adamselene	maven-erlang	1	Project Manager
thusted	mav	1	
skot	mav	1	
prophecyslides	mav	1	Developer
nmrs	mav	1	Developer
mmoulton	mav	1	Developer
lhoriman	mav	1	
jaxman	mav	0	Developer
eelco12	mav	1	All-Hands Person
rudi	maude-mode	1	
mkyas	maude-mode	0	Developer
blackrob	matrix-template	1	
sameerd	matplotlib	0	Developer
ryanmay	matplotlib	0	Developer
pkienzle	matplotlib	0	Developer
nnemec	matplotlib	0	Developer
mmetz_bn	matplotlib	0	Developer
mdboom	matplotlib	1	Developer
jswhit	matplotlib	1	Developer
jrevans	matplotlib	0	Developer
jouni	matplotlib	0	Developer
jdh2358	matplotlib	1	Developer
fer_perez	matplotlib	0	Developer
efiring	matplotlib	1	Developer
dsdale	matplotlib	1	Developer
dmkaplan	matplotlib	0	Developer
cmoad	matplotlib	1	Developer
astraw	matplotlib	0	Developer
colinbb	mathlib3d	1	Project Manager
unixrat	mathfun	1	
babernat	mathcomp	1	
tsee	math-symbolic	1	
oxe	math-symbolic	0	Developer
mwk	math-symbolic	0	Developer
bobbymcr	math-symbolic	0	Developer
parghami	math-parser	1	
sbaf	mastoo	1	
mam2009	mastoo	1	Developer
atiqe	mastoo	0	Developer
mastersto	mastersto	1	
jbarnaby	masteraqua	1	
maslan	maslanassembly	1	
miranamon	masking	1	
amarillion	masking	0	
zushikate	mase	0	Developer
yghanam	mase	0	Developer
xdxiaoxin	mase	0	Developer
patdaman999	mase	0	Developer
msnfaraz	mase	0	Developer
masecvsaccount	mase	1	Developer
maha86	mase	0	Developer
knehring	mase	0	Developer
keynan	mase	0	Developer
friegger	mase	0	
frankomaurer	mase	1	Project Manager
djandrey	mase	0	Developer
davidbfox	mase	0	
daemeh	masc	0	Developer
andreic	masc	1	
seeplusplus	marta	1	Developer
justusbrugman	marshallingyard	1	Unix Admin
ivdkleyn	marshallingyard	1	
thiagosjava	market-garden	1	Support Manager
salomaojava	market-garden	1	
marceliinojava	market-garden	1	Developer
jrrodrigues	market-garden	1	
fabiano818	market-garden	0	
snippy	marblehorse	0	
roguemtl	marblehorse	1	
needo	marblehorse	0	
khemicalstest	marblehorse	0	
khemicals	marblehorse	0	
gabe	marblehorse	0	
fingolfin	marblehorse	0	Developer
fejj	marblehorse	0	
dexter-mh	marblehorse	0	
burley0727	marblehorse	0	
sean_225	mapstudio	1	
fmjrey	mapperframework	1	Project Manager
ebariaux	mapperframework	1	
imaman	maple	1	
eladganot	maple	0	Project Manager
thesilentkiller	mapgrabber	1	
zakman	mantisbt	0	Developer
vboctor	mantisbt	1	Project Manager
thraxisp	mantisbt	0	Developer
siebrand	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ryandesign	mantisbt	0	
prichards	mantisbt	0	Developer
planser	mantisbt	0	Developer
nuclear_eclipse	mantisbt	0	Developer
nepto	mantisbt	0	Developer
narcissus	mantisbt	0	Developer
martinfuchs	mantisbt	0	Developer
marcelloscata	mantisbt	0	Developer
kingargyle1	mantisbt	0	Developer
jlatour	mantisbt	0	Developer
jbrugger	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
giallu	mantisbt	0	Developer
gebeine	mantisbt	0	Developer
dwarrine5	mantisbt	0	Developer
dgtlrift	mantisbt	0	
davidnewcomb	mantisbt	0	Developer
achumakov	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
vtamara	manta	1	Developer
g-leyva	manta	1	Developer
felipetrujillo	manta	1	Developer
umuhk	mano	1	
mbalves	mano	0	
jalilv	mano	0	Developer
schoenborno	mango-ptr	1	
libxc	mancxx	1	
vinodvm	manbuild	1	
sandius	manarchive	0	
bojar	manarchive	1	
ayrnieu	manarchive	0	
sjmulder	managedgl	1	
mmteam	mammoothlibrary	1	
beo	mammoothlibrary	1	Project Manager
kojuharo	maml	1	
pcdoyen	mambolearn	1	Unix Admin
gnudownload	mambolearn	0	Project Manager
peterboehringer	maloney	1	Project Manager
sdelplanque	maktaba	1	
jimpsed	makerside	1	
xmevs	makeasy	1	
zoeloeboeloe	makeajackson	1	
byrnereese	majordojo	1	
shawnyboy	mainejug	1	Developer
ratlifc	mainejug	0	
plughead	mainejug	1	Project Manager
mtdonahue	mainejug	1	No specific role
jmpriest	mainejug	0	Developer
innnnate	mainejug	0	Developer
dwcorwin	mainejug	0	No specific role
dezzio	mainejug	1	Project Manager
cmlasalle	mainejug	0	Developer
chowda	mainejug	0	Developer
cdoremus	mainejug	1	Project Manager
carifio	mainejug	0	Developer
bryanlewis	mainejug	0	Developer
paraxenic	mailtext	1	Developer
olf	mailtext	1	
abalabanb	mailtext	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
vor0nwe	mailburrower	1	All-Hands Person
ventz	mail2ipod	1	
sanjayak	mahatittha	1	
lokalno	magy	1	
kellan	magpierss	1	
jhenyal	magnum	1	Developer
bastiaan	magnum	1	Developer
magainic	magicpim	1	
fablezouave	magic-db	1	
elcondormage	magesrc	1	
basoft	magesrc	0	Developer
tirsen	madeleine	0	
sdsykes	madeleine	0	Developer
ndrs	madeleine	1	
ghettojedi	madeleine	0	Developer
behemotha	madeleine	0	
madedit	madedit	1	Project Manager
niemeyer	macrosystem	1	
macguru	macgurucplusuts	1	
auria	macdylibbundler	1	
blackwolf359	mac2pc	1	
pudge	mac-toolbox	1	
brazilianfan	mabslay	1	
kollross	m4x	1	Project Manager
alcinf	m3tk	1	
tgcap	m3g-viewer	1	
paulorp	m3dea	1	
alexandresw	m3dea	1	Developer
m2xdev	m2x	1	
giord666	m2v	1	
computer-grid	m2everyware	1	
hjtoi	m2crypto	1	
chenwang	m2b3	1	
hhabermann	m23	1	
lkrecan	m2-repoindex	1	
mathews_it-3	m-t3	1	
nanthracite	m-n-mumps	0	Developer
kdtop	m-n-mumps	0	Developer
databyte	m-n-mumps	1	Project Manager
maxlego	m-f-w	1	
tburnham	fxutility	0	Developer
pdm	fxutility	0	Developer
jmaver	fxutility	0	Developer
jlyonsmith	fxutility	1	Developer
jimdaubert	fxutility	1	Developer
hiscapness	fxutility	0	Developer
lyle	fxruby	1	
tekno	fxpltext	1	
dmaster97	fxmlrpt	1	
agunghp	fxmlrpt	0	Developer
neo07	fxds	1	
tdjordan	fxbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dossy	fxbook	1	Project Manager
xeraco	fvs	0	Developer
wneat	fvs	0	Developer
vlad_centea	fvs	0	Developer
shivangp	fvs	1	Developer
jbing	fvs	0	Developer
binaryman	fvs	1	Developer
ashokm_83	fvs	0	Developer
kwaker21	fvpatwds	1	Developer
johnlamericain	fvpatwds	0	Developer
fvpat	fvpatwds	1	Project Manager
alextesi	fuzzyreport	1	
elcole	futurecar	1	
kylejb	fusion-gw	1	Developer
sosensible	fusebox	1	All-Hands Person
wip	fury2	0	Tester
stadsport	fury2	0	Tester
janusfury	fury2	1	Project Manager
hellblazer14	fury2	0	Developer
funkman	furies	1	
bettina	funkwerk	1	
riaan	fundementals	0	
dj_butler	fundementals	1	
movement	functrace	1	Project Manager
areff	functools	1	
ygiraffe	functional-php	0	Developer
brooke	functional-php	1	
stefano_fornari	funambol	1	Project Manager
smaffulli	funambol	1	Project Manager
slick8086	funambol	1	Project Manager
nichele	funambol	0	Developer
mukherjee	funambol	0	All-Hands Person
jason_finkel	funambol	1	Developer
halsteger42	funambol	1	Project Manager
fabricapo	funambol	1	Project Manager
agazza	funambol	0	
pwhite2	fullcircle	1	Project Manager
jdreid	fullcircle	0	Web Designer
brcummi	fulcrum	1	
n08ody	ftutorial	1	
achim_f00bar	ftpsynchronizer	1	
inolik	ftp4net	1	
sammy	ftgl	1	Developer
jeffm2501	ftgl	0	Developer
henryj	ftgl	1	Developer
dtremenak	ftgl	0	Developer
brlcad	ftgl	1	Developer
dujavi	ftdsuite	1	All-Hands Person
arjenmarkus	ftcl	1	
zatalian	ft89prog	1	
fbos	fstreem	1	
juancpaz	fspaix	1	Project Manager
eviston	fspaix	1	Project Manager
sivachandra	fsmpp	1	
djw2	fsm	1	
murali_ca_us	fsgrep	1	Project Manager
jfarr	fsfolder	1	
skonen	fsec	1	
peterchen73	fsec	0	Developer
immersion3	fsdevelopment	1	
wernerfragner	fsbrowser	1	
se01048	fsbrowser	0	Developer
se01015	fsbrowser	0	Developer
ishchenko	freemarkeridea	1	Developer
txbrent	framewave	1	
renukgb	framewave	1	Support Manager
ravindrag82	framewave	0	
ravi-korsa	framewave	0	
rahulkc	framewave	0	Developer
pnolte	framewave	1	Project Manager
pksv	framewave	1	Project Manager
pk-dev	framewave	0	Developer
phshah	framewave	0	Developer
mschrein	framewave	1	Support Manager
mattsc	framewave	1	Tester
kiran_s	framewave	0	Developer
kalyanjk	framewave	0	
jrameshbe	framewave	1	
jayrhiremath	framewave	0	Project Manager
jalby	framewave	1	
hdroberson	framewave	0	Doc Writer
gyzhuang	framewave	0	Developer
frankgorishek	framewave	0	No specific role
framewave	framewave	0	Support Manager
david_huebel	framewave	0	No specific role
bragadeesh	framewave	0	Developer
krphilabaum	frobot	0	Web Designer
francisdobi	frobot	1	
sajidkhattak	frisky	1	
fallwest94703	frijole	1	
mick_mac	fret	1	
ytztech	freeworkgroup	1	
xthefull	freewin	0	
wmormar	freewin	0	
walito	freewin	0	
vouchcac	freewin	0	
renomas	freewin	0	
oskar78	freewin	1	
mlacecilia	freewin	1	Developer
jamaj	freewin	0	Developer
carlos-mora	freewin	0	
azopteks	freewaste	1	Developer
thaveman	freevm	1	
juancrobles	freetpv	1	
atalagk	freeterminology	1	
arrakis73	freestep	1	
vapier	freestdf	1	
vico_27	freespeech	0	Developer
sideshow-pete	freespeech	0	Developer
roboticist	freespeech	0	Developer
mlemay	freespeech	0	Developer
miltman	freespeech	0	Developer
maestro	freespeech	1	Developer
jmvalin	freespeech	1	Project Manager
carle_cote	freespeech	0	Developer
bknightsb	freespeech	0	Developer
sborho	freesolid	0	Developer
manjunaths	freesolid	0	Developer
kwizatz	freesolid	1	
dtecta	freesolid	1	Developer
iceh	freescope	0	Developer
freescope	freescope	1	Project Manager
e-vikram	freescope	0	Developer
centrax	freescope	1	All-Hands Person
richardbarry	freertos	1	Developer
freerep	freereport	1	Project Manager
biserov	freereport	1	
udo_penner	freeprotocol	1	
rreal	freemmg	0	Developer
rafael_jannone	freemmg	0	Developer
mgmartins	freemmg	0	Developer
fcecin	freemmg	1	
tfenne	freemarker	0	Developer
szegedia	freemarker	1	No specific role
stephanmueller	freemarker	0	All-Hands Person
revusky	freemarker	1	Developer
klotz	freemarker	0	No specific role
jhudson8	freemarker	0	Developer
herbyderby	freemarker	0	
ddekany	freemarker	1	All-Hands Person
cederberg	freemarker	0	Developer
cameronbraid	freemarker	0	Developer
azerr	freemarker	0	Developer
jljljjl	freejava	1	
spanne	freeglut	0	All-Hands Person
sjbaker	freeglut	1	Project Manager
sandalle	freeglut	0	Developer
puggles	freeglut	1	Developer
olszta	freeglut	0	Developer
nhv	freeglut	0	Developer
joekrahn	freeglut	0	Developer
fayjf	freeglut	1	Project Manager
drgoldie	freeglut	0	Developer
dheyse	freeglut	0	Developer
cjp	freeglut	0	Developer
brianp	freeglut	0	Developer
andi75	freeglut	0	Developer
vindaci	freegetopt	1	
voronkov	freeform	1	Developer
mrslimedrink	freeform	0	Developer
glelston	freeform	0	Developer
pmatias	freeflash	1	Developer
nerd_	freeflash	1	Developer
heldersuzuki	freeflash	0	Developer
alphakiller	freeflash	0	Developer
jmellen	freefilm	0	
imipak	freefilm	1	Project Manager
bero	freefilm	1	
pryomoax	freeelks	0	Developer
manus_eiffel	freeelks	1	Project Manager
kwaxer	freeelks	0	Developer
kkkkg999	freeelks	0	Developer
jfiat	freeelks	0	Developer
ikingifl	freeelks	0	Developer
ericb	freeelks	1	Project Manager
thjvdb	freeeibide	1	
ghawk	freedomprog	0	
codeadams	freedomprog	1	
arasa	freedomprog	0	Tester
gastonramos	freedoc	1	
dardoguidobono	freedoc	1	Project Manager
salviati	freeconsole	1	
mankitho	freeclx4sdl	1	
ramesht	freeclx	0	Developer
mswindell	freeclx	1	Project Manager
mduncan	freeclx	0	Developer
jt_borland	freeclx	1	
czhower	freeclx	1	Project Manager
amarkowitz	freeclx	0	Developer
ahuser	freeclx	1	Project Manager
smacdonald	freecard	0	
robterrell	freecard	0	
fcalain	freecard	0	
elmaco	freecard	0	
derobert	freecard	0	
adrian_sutton	freecard	1	
freebedev	freebe	1	
stephen_green	freeb-ubl	1	
farrukh_najmi	freeb-ubl	1	Project Manager
drrwebber	freeb-ubl	0	
your_persona	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
mendsley	freeallegiance	0	
leeroymonkey	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
eldilotr	freeallegiance	0	Developer
doofus1201	freeallegiance	1	Developer
casanova	freeallegiance	1	Project Manager
allegdev	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
walterneto	free4project	1	Project Manager
sandrodennis	free4project	1	Project Manager
rfferreira	free4project	0	Developer
danielborges	free4project	0	Developer
tjfontaine	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
justinkwaugh	free-xdk	1	Developer
huceke	free-xdk	1	Developer
artifexx	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
sbvb	free-package	1	
guilhermebf	free-package	1	
prakljir	fredserver	1	
ahija	fredserver	1	Developer
manski-md	fred	1	
ahija	fred	0	Developer
pinom	frb	1	
ignrod	framelauncher	1	
nahime	framecodenet	1	Project Manager
ikoniari	framecodenet	1	Developer
highcorporation	framecodenet	0	Web Designer
gmt2001	framecodenet	1	Project Manager
framecode	framecodenet	1	Project Manager
richi	fraglets	0	
marion	fraglets	1	
podo	fractalkiss	0	Web Designer
pafdeath	fractalkiss	0	Web Designer
kissadmin	fractalkiss	1	Project Manager
francom	fractalkiss	0	Developer
kavehshahbazian	foop	1	
menrique	fonetiko	1	
taggart	fossology	1	Developer
rrando	fossology	1	Developer
nealk2	fossology	1	Developer
nealk	fossology	1	Developer
mary_l	fossology	1	Developer
dgstangel	fossology	1	
bobgo	fossology	1	Project Manager
o2l	forumimages	1	Developer
helter_skelter	forumimages	1	
simonebordet	foxtrot	1	Developer
biorn_steedom	foxtrot	0	Developer
wm_create	foxserv	0	
pim42	foxserv	1	
isaac_golding	foxserv	0	Developer
idub	foxserv	0	
foxserv_epgs	foxserv	0	All-Hands Person
ewdi	foxserv	1	Project Manager
lyle	foxgui	1	
jvz	foxgui	1	
dgehriger	foxgui	0	
pavelsh	foxcb	1	Project Manager
exevp	foxcb	1	Developer
rcyr	fourtools	1	Developer
qa_curmudgeon	fourtools	0	No specific role
gmajor	fourtools	1	Developer
eanders	fourtools	0	Developer
danr6	fourtools	0	Developer
ljnelson	foundry	1	
dillie-o	fotelo	1	
vitaut	fortran-diagram	1	
zoiaonline	fortesreport	0	Tester
welvis_douglas	fortesreport	0	Developer
weberdamasio	fortesreport	0	Developer
sremulador	fortesreport	1	Developer
ronaldosmoreira	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
pipitonho	fortesreport	0	Developer
marquinhosnt	fortesreport	0	Developer
higorcoelho	fortesreport	1	Project Manager
felipehf	fortesreport	0	Developer
dtiburcio	fortesreport	0	Tester
alexkid2000	fortesreport	0	Developer
pdoane	fort	1	
estebancabezudo	formularios	1	
eciloci	formulaengine	1	
w4z004	formps	1	All-Hands Person
uskola	formps	1	Developer
regen_r8	formps	0	Developer
mvandam	formps	0	Developer
buennagel	formps	1	All-Hands Person
acl4551	formps	0	Distributor/Promoter
thusted	formproc	1	Developer
nixnixnix	formproc	0	Developer
aeden	formproc	1	Developer
tekra	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
mlconnor	formlayoutmaker	1	
hboutemy	formlayoutmaker	1	Developer
sravani	formhammer	0	
madbanny	formhammer	0	Developer
gmatyi	formhammer	0	Developer
cfuzes	formhammer	0	Developer
asola	formhammer	1	
alonsoft	formhammer	0	
nekromancer	formflood	0	Developer
gletiecq	formflood	1	Project Manager
ianbicking	formencode	1	
colingrant	formattonecreat	1	
pvolery	form4j	0	
phbucher	form4j	0	
jkaser	form4j	0	Developer
hbosshard	form4j	0	Developer
cstreiff	form4j	0	
cjuon	form4j	1	
p_raymanujan	form-builder-x	1	
danleo	forkpackages	1	
o_rossmueller	forger	1	
speedbump	foresite	1	
asola	foredoclet	1	Project Manager
mrdaemon	fore	1	Project Manager
sodemo	forasystems	1	Project Manager
jwuttke	for2html	1	
kg4mxz	foopl	1	
greghmerrill	fontwidget	1	
xuehong	fontcode	1	Developer
mikeday	fontcode	1	
cong01	fontcode	1	Developer
benlitchfield	fontbox	1	
rsfoley	foleyutilities	1	
rekenwonder	foldercontents	1	
rhickey	foil	1	
ericthorsen	foil	0	Developer
mastergaurav	foco	1	
smachhau	fnr	1	
josefauer1980	fnr	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
fishnetsoft	fndevelop	1	
pere	fnccheck	1	Developer
hexasoft	fnccheck	1	Developer
fhoukes	fml	1	
ivarch	fm-submit	1	
schubec	fm-and-php	1	
mata_svada	fm-and-php	1	Developer
lalo	flyingcircus	1	
dreamcatcher	flyingcircus	0	Developer
devgirl	flyingcircus	1	Developer
microwerx	fluxions	1	
odipar	fluix	1	
mdesmond	fluideditor	1	
xpxqx	fltk	0	Developer
vincentp	fltk	0	Developer
trilec	fltk	0	Developer
spitzak	fltk	1	Developer
rokan	fltk	0	
robertk	fltk	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ravne2000	fltk	0	Developer
nickasil	fltk	0	
nafees	fltk	0	Developer
matthiaswm	fltk	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
leka	fltk	0	Developer
laza2000	fltk	0	Developer
jamespalmer	fltk	0	Developer
hime	fltk	0	Developer
ercolano	fltk	0	
easysw	fltk	1	Project Manager
cortex	fltk	0	Developer
clip	fltk	1	Developer
jeison	flprevalence	1	Developer
babebibobu	flprevalence	1	
rairon	floydeditor	1	
cellstorm2	flowsphpdevenv	1	
rvmeer	flow	0	Developer
rschaaf	flow	1	Project Manager
gvdlooi	flow	1	Project Manager
escheffers	flow	0	Developer
sannd1982	floss-ar	0	Developer
robyquare	floss-ar	1	
ricky82	floss-ar	0	Developer
marcodifr	floss-ar	0	Developer
lucafrr	floss-ar	0	Developer
concas	floss-ar	1	Project Manager
florianrobinet	florianrobinet	1	
floeff	floeff	1	Project Manager
billme	floatingpoint	1	
selma_daphne	floatapi	1	Developer
mph76	floatapi	1	Developer
alainmoran	flmobf	1	
markybry	flinkset	1	
bustersnyvel	flickrapi	1	
beej71	flickrapi	1	
freixas	flib	1	
markbrindle	flexunit	1	Project Manager
kriga	flexphpenv	1	
terrydoyle	flexitree	1	
dagger_ar	flexiblesql	1	
vivekjoshi	flens	0	Developer
vepi	flens	0	Developer
tonn	flens	0	Tester
stippler	flens	1	Developer
sfsinger	flens	0	Tester
lehn	flens	1	Project Manager
grholzi	flens	0	Developer
daeladus	flens	1	Developer
b_a_stegmaier	flens	0	
rjee	fleeble	1	Developer
reinierz	fleeble	1	Project Manager
matsys	flecxx	1	All-Hands Person
starkos	flatfour	1	Project Manager
opaquedave	flasm	1	
mjnat	flasm	0	
ikogan	flasm	1	Developer
authorblues	flashstdlib	1	
flashnoi	flashservices	1	Developer
dzenand	flashpm	1	
alexisisaac	flashmidi	1	
bradneuberg	flashjava	1	
joegriffin	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
jgriffin716	fixedpoint	1	Project Manager
dougfort	fixedpoint	1	
slagyr	fitnesse	1	
rskoss	fitnesse	0	Developer
robertmartin	fitnesse	1	Unix Admin
ppagel	fitnesse	0	Developer
nashjain	fitnesse	0	Developer
jonathonmg	fitnesse	0	Developer
jbrains	fitnesse	0	Developer
i-m-fit-r-u	fitnesse	0	Developer
gs-fitnesse	fitnesse	0	Developer
gojkoadzic	fitnesse	0	
firepoet	fitnesse	0	Developer
deanwampler	fitnesse	0	Developer
dchelimsky	fitnesse	0	Developer
cbiegay	fitnesse	0	Developer
carrja99	fitnesse	0	
bjrady	fitnesse	0	
andreasthiel	fitnesse	0	
wardcunningham	fit	1	
nashjain	fit	0	Developer
mkelleyharris	fit	0	Developer
mfeathers	fit	0	Developer
mbusik	fit	0	
lucholaf	fit	0	Developer
jlittle82	fit	1	
hugogarcia	fit	0	Developer
gpiancastelli	fit	0	Developer
davewoldrich	fit	0	
cratermoon	fit	0	Developer
apis	fit-gui	1	Developer
istari2002	fistech	1	
ehaskins444	firstide	1	
bcbell	firstclipse	0	Developer
astronouth7303	firstclipse	1	
yourdarkside	firoz	1	
atlantico	firoz	0	Developer
thiago_cabral	firnix	0	Developer
maurofalcao	firnix	0	
eduardovalentim	firnix	1	
fire_foot	firefoot	1	
bubble76	firebirdexpress	1	Developer
mirkasim	finj	0	Developer
markphahn	finj	0	Developer
jiglesias	finj	1	Project Manager
wyvernqueue	finf	1	Project Manager
kunnis	finf	1	All-Hands Person
goldenhawk	finf	1	Project Manager
arykz	fineplatform	1	
marco_hallo	findresource	1	
andhallberg	findfile	1	
ragskashyap	findbugsidea	1	
wpugh	findbugs	1	
timothy_meyer	findbugs	0	
rohanl	findbugs	0	Developer
rlazarus	findbugs	0	
reformist	findbugs	0	Developer
natidea	findbugs	0	
mmidgley	findbugs	0	
ksteph	findbugs	0	
kjleftin	findbugs	0	
jspacco	findbugs	0	Developer
freter	findbugs	0	Developer
dhakim	findbugs	0	Developer
dbrosius	findbugs	0	Developer
daveho	findbugs	1	
briangoetz	findbugs	0	Developer
ben_langmead	findbugs	0	All-Hands Person
bassclar	findbugs	0	Developer
andyandy	findbugs	0	Developer
alteoh	findbugs	0	Developer
alex319	findbugs	0	
lfengl	findbugs-jdev	1	
aniait	find-in-files	1	
wwwsq	financialbase	1	
anandsundaram	financialbase	0	
ckarakus	financepatterns	1	
slstlr	fime	0	Developer
sinnery	fime	0	Developer
obekt	fime	1	
lambreto	fime	0	Developer
yetifoot	fimage	1	Project Manager
toanthrax	fimage	0	Tester
billysbar	filtersorttable	1	
saskew	filterlib	1	Project Manager
mikehardy	filterlib	1	
tokaiz	filex	1	Developer
marust	filex	0	Developer
geit	filex	0	Developer
darrenjohnstone	fileuploadmod	1	
hagenhuebel	filetrim	1	
dhernandezb	files-opx	1	
billysbar	filerename	1	
keesfromspace	filelock	1	
intavg	filecanner	1	
smcardle	file-man	1	
slim23	file-extensions	1	
derletztekick	file-converter	1	
photog	filderwetter	1	
bgrundmann	fil	1	
pmoran	field-model	1	
ellswort	field-model	0	
andrewpike	fidel	1	
aleucht	fibs	1	Project Manager
ssmirnov	fibl	1	
shikhalev	fibl	0	
mis232	fiberspp	1	
pupeno	fiacvi	1	
tom_swd05	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
tomkober	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
thomas-lang	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
teiniker	fhj-ws07-swd05	1	
sumi666	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
schiesterg	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
sabaini	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
rberit	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
qhaut	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
moreiter	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
mehlgibsim	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
maxkraxn	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
linicki	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
leberm	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
kunzem	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
karglj	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
hutteg	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
hjjanisch	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
feanor_el_nar	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
dtiefnig	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
coderlabs	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
bruthus	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
bingoenz	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
austropretorian	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
arnogruber	fhj-ws07-swd05	0	Developer
wo_m	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
woelsv	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
whythat	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
tytn	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
thekbi	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
teiniker	fhj-ws07-itm05	1	
susi1306	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
stoppi	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
solach	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
poellr	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	
payerm	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
passru	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
oernsy	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
mrioa	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
michael_ulm	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
lichta	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
lenger	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
koeffe	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
itmedv	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
hofmap	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
heissm	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
heinrichharrer	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
haraldpittesser	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
fred_reloaded	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
fladi_77	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
drobi	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
curb1983	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
crusty2000	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
bodeng	fhj-ws07-itm05	0	Developer
pwa180	fhgep	1	Project Manager
igx89	fhgep	1	Developer
mastersherin	ffmpeginstall	1	
cybercake	ffdec	1	
t_inoue	ffc	1	
wesley_bailey	feynman	1	
samuelsonline	fevb	1	
nestian	feteh	1	
alsemm	ferry	1	Developer
seel20	fepy	0	
sanxiyn	fepy	1	
mjfoord	fepy	0	
mdx2	fepy	0	
kf7xm	fepy	0	
hex-dump	fepy	0	
anthonybaxter	fepy	0	
drakan	fedlibrary	1	Project Manager
jasonstracner	featuretracker	1	
alexandream	feather	1	
robsaunders	fear	0	Developer
hamburgler	fear	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fup	fear	0	Developer
desbrowne	fear	0	Developer
baramir	fear	0	Distributor/Promoter
alexjc	fear	1	All-Hands Person
stevesouza	fdsapi	1	
sean_225	fdev	1	
teon	fddtrack	1	
yanhwang	fddtools	1	Developer
vernons	fddtools	1	Project Manager
kennethjiang	fddtools	1	
jinbochen	fddtools	0	Developer
epsino	fddtools	0	Developer
alexyeo	fddtools	0	Developer
minamhere	fdconsole	0	Developer
fulldecent	fdconsole	1	
talbert	fd-doc	0	Doc Writer
mceric	fd-doc	1	Project Manager
aitorsm	fd-doc	1	All-Hands Person
streak	fcmp	1	
rusty	fcgp	1	
mbp	fcgp	1	Developer
marineam	fcgp	0	Developer
creinig	fcgp	1	Developer
dottzero	fccl	1	
lithium_	fbstlport	1	
spaz_man	fbport	1	
fbisso	fbissocdb	1	
dubralex	fbhgewr	1	
rocktheschock	fbeditor	1	
ppdk	fbedit	0	
porfirio	fbedit	0	Developer
ketilo	fbedit	1	Project Manager
denise_amiga	fbedit	0	Developer
theald	fbcommunity	1	
stephenlfoster	fbcommunity	0	Developer
sithadmin	fbcommunity	0	Developer
jmemaxwell	fbcommunity	0	Developer
jhusum	fbcommunity	0	Developer
jeannegrrl	fbcommunity	0	
gwapojoe2002	fbcommunity	0	Developer
fusemonkey	fbcommunity	1	Project Manager
casinotrader	fbcommunity	0	Developer
iq-0	fb-fenix	1	
ehdeboer	fb-fenix	0	
dbrosius	fb-contrib	1	Project Manager
pfinnigan	facebook-rides	1	
perrikko	facebook-rides	1	Developer
bruce_hill	facebook-rides	1	Developer
vdeepakkumar	favalias	0	
ndthuy	favalias	0	Developer
mgogoi	favalias	0	Developer
jcmag22	favalias	1	Project Manager
dannomite	favalias	0	Developer
ihab	favabeans	1	
yzhuang	fault-injection	0	Developer
rustyl	fault-injection	1	
kxgao	fault-injection	0	Tester
errhoads	fault-injection	0	Developer
brlock	fault-injection	0	Developer
remymuller	faudiostream	0	Developer
orlarey	faudiostream	1	
letz	faudiostream	1	Project Manager
kersten	faudiostream	0	
dfober	faudiostream	1	Project Manager
agraef	faudiostream	0	
bozzio	fasttemplate	1	
tbulford	fastserializer	1	
pierre_le_riche	fastmm	1	
feathersky	fastlib	1	Project Manager
duddy_j	fastlib	0	Project Manager
crazy_diamond	fastlib	1	Unix Admin
yagel	fastform	1	Project Manager
istex	fastform	0	Developer
cypher543	fasmstudio	1	
carlwenrich	fasmstudio	0	Developer
r0hit	faro	1	
coolsummer	fare	1	Developer
raboni	far-engine	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
mardulf	far-engine	1	Graphic/Other Designer
galeon_	far-engine	1	Developer
mharing	faq-it	1	Project Manager
imhuy	fanxipan	1	
the_soman	fann	0	Developer
tadpole9	fann	0	Developer
psyklic	fann	0	Developer
mailseth	fann	0	Developer
looksirdroids	fann	1	Developer
lexort	fann	0	Developer
larsam	fann	0	Developer
joshsherman	fann	0	Developer
hawk78	fann	0	Developer
fosf	fann	0	Developer
devym	fann	0	Developer
adsp	fann	0	
lijat	fairy	1	
vhex	faerion	1	Project Manager
jeteir	faerion	0	Developer
indeyets	faerion	0	Developer
tuesday	fadingsummer	0	Developer
thestudent	fadingsummer	1	Support Manager
kroushl	fadingsummer	0	Developer
kiara	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
finellen	fadingsummer	1	Project Manager
faoron	fadingsummer	0	Developer
viernes_	facturalux	0	Developer
tittodiego	facturalux	0	Developer
ssjorge	facturalux	0	
sanyu	facturalux	0	Developer
rrubio2	facturalux	0	Developer
lorelop	facturalux	0	
linuxx	facturalux	0	Developer
jrodrima	facturalux	1	Developer
isaaccp	facturalux	0	Developer
gpulido	facturalux	0	Developer
gmolleda	facturalux	0	
falbujer	facturalux	1	Developer
eog	facturalux	0	Developer
el_latino	facturalux	0	Developer
baxas	facturalux	0	Developer
arodriguezm	facturalux	1	Developer
andreybehrens	facturalux	0	Developer
amoyav	facturalux	0	Developer
albertcc	facturalux	0	Developer
thecodemonster	facepaint	1	
jawe	f2f	1	Project Manager
hariet	f2f	1	Project Manager
ajeru	f2f	1	Project Manager
jonny20330	f2-installer	1	All-Hands Person
tanisj	f1help	1	
khertan	izieditor	1	
bmax	ize	1	
robertw012	ixpress	1	All-Hands Person
cehbab	ixml	1	
inducer	ixlib	1	
copeepoc	ixlib	1	Developer
smaffer	ixemolla	1	
vrecion	ixedit	1	
kshuang	ixdp4xx	1	All-Hands Person
chemeto	ixdp4xx	1	Developer
vbontoux	iwroot	0	Developer
totoro77	iwroot	0	Developer
ricard33	iwroot	1	Project Manager
pgouard	iwroot	0	
nathloup	iwroot	0	Developer
ulsa	ivyplugins	1	Project Manager
sfbouchard	ivyplugins	0	Developer
henrikreinhold	ivyplugins	0	Developer
chsn	ivyplugins	0	
adamskogman	ivyplugins	0	Developer
padrem	ivt	1	
trimethyl	ivm	0	Developer
the-raven	ivm	0	Developer
swdave	ivm	0	Developer
ssrinivasan	ivm	0	Developer
sbarton2	ivm	0	
rshoemake	ivm	0	Developer
risosir	ivm	0	Developer
raptorslc	ivm	1	
raczy	ivm	0	Developer
ning	ivm	0	Developer
midzic	ivm	1	
miajdan	ivm	0	Developer
joe7pak	ivm	0	Developer
jler	ivm	0	Developer
jayanthi	ivm	0	Developer
gerbil	ivm	0	Developer
freekerf	ivm	0	Developer
droren	ivm	0	Developer
davidaustin	ivm	1	
darkphotn	ivm	1	Developer
cbiffle	ivm	0	Doc Writer
bobdayley	ivm	1	
atomos	ivm	0	Developer
iv-har1	ivlayer	0	Developer
iv-cap1	ivlayer	1	Project Manager
iv-ans1	ivlayer	0	Developer
meaderubenstein	itpgpm	1	
jmarranz	itsnat	1	
molaschi	itpm	1	
scanferlato	itoa	0	Developer
f4ecw	itoa	1	
marhar	itcllib	1	
kraney	itcllib	1	
imbe	itcllib	0	
stevenking80	itausebb	1	
shenchilang	italk-plugin	1	
inigoserrano	isvalidator	1	Project Manager
felipeconde	isvalidator	0	No specific role
chfreund	istbad	1	Project Manager
peterbe	issuetracker	1	
tiesel	isqltcl	0	Developer
kumarsri	isqltcl	1	
jleffler	isqltcl	1	
hobbs	isqltcl	1	
zanatoly	isqlreport	1	
thebee	isql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
swing_fox	isql	0	No specific role
mkobold	isql	1	All-Hands Person
yackimoff	ispp	1	Developer
mlaan	ispp	0	Project Manager
philips_usb	isp176x-hcd	1	
nalilord	isolib	1	Developer
muetze1	isolib	1	Developer
st991512	isoj2me	0	Developer
pincocazzillo	isoj2me	0	
perniolagi	isoj2me	0	Developer
mitomane	isoj2me	0	Developer
lucha	isoj2me	0	Developer
lesion	isoj2me	0	Developer
jakuza	isoj2me	0	Developer
darkwave	isoj2me	1	
yg2f	isl	1	All-Hands Person
tobias_lehmann	isits	1	
grothues	isdlib	1	
tomof	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
maffione	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
kragsterman	iscsitarget	1	
cheungming	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
boraso	iscsitarget	0	Tester
agr1	iscsitarget	0	Developer
cedricshih	iscm	1	
fabio-silva	ischeduler	1	
fabiosw83	is0708-gruppo1	1	
fabiorecife	is-webstart	1	
valnarus	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
the_bob	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
hungryangus	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
foole	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
braneloc	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
austcro	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
artefaritaj	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
lester_dev	irrlichtnetcp	1	Unix Admin
deusxl	irrlichtnetcp	1	Project Manager
braitmml	irrlichtnetcp	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
teella	irrlicht	0	Developer
seiml	irrlicht	0	Developer
saigumi	irrlicht	0	Developer
lukeph	irrlicht	0	Developer
irrlicht	irrlicht	1	
hybrid	irrlicht	1	Developer
epetitje	irrlicht	0	Developer
engineer_apple	irrlicht	0	Developer
bitplane	irrlicht	1	Unix Admin
bgruber	irrlicht	0	Developer
afecelis	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
bmarleyfr	irrklangwrapper	1	
fraggle	irmo	1	
zieno	irecords	1	
isotop_	ircontrol	1	
dorkiaa	ircontrol	0	Developer
n_sergiu	ircaddin	1	
gabeyg	iqua	1	
brianphaley	ipv6finder	1	
kontramot	ipstream	1	
apankrat	ipsec2k	1	
n0m0r3	ipphonelib	1	Project Manager
moonkhan	ipphonelib	1	Developer
tm243	ippfp	1	Developer
wmhegarty	ipony	1	Project Manager
streboryaj	iplib	1	All-Hands Person
lgilbert	iplib	0	All-Hands Person
ihaggard	iplib	0	Developer
huxoll	iplib	1	Project Manager
umarnizamani	iphysics	1	
no_comment	ipbwi	1	
evakichi	ipat	1	
pragdave	iowa	0	Developer
khaines	iowa	0	Developer
jfitzell	iowa	1	Project Manager
eligreen	iowa	1	
avibryant	iowa	1	
kragsterman	ior	1	
faisal.mir	ior	1	Project Manager
cheungming	ior	0	Developer
enzo	iolib	1	
brixen	ioke	1	
olobodaestepe	ioguigrid	0	Doc Writer
iogui	ioguigrid	1	All-Hands Person
patthoyts	iocpsock	0	Developer
jbuckman	iocpsock	0	Developer
davygrvy	iocpsock	1	Project Manager
dmytro_bogovych	iocpclasses	1	
eric256	io-simple	1	
kestlert	inspecteur	1	
ndwx	invoy	1	
ralf_e	intars	0	Developer
pirminb	intars	1	Project Manager
markus_reuss	intars	0	Developer
carolinw	intars	0	Developer
ayers3	intars	0	Developer
spavkov	intuition	1	
steimann	intoj	0	Developer
pmayer	intoj	1	
forsterf	intoj	0	Developer
andimei	intoj	0	Developer
jcfranks	inti	1	
wittenberg	interval	1	Developer
timhickey	interval	1	Project Manager
sven_buente	interval	0	Developer
stefan_ratschan	interval	1	Developer
vmvassiliev	internetdirect	0	Developer
slaven	internetdirect	0	Developer
sgrobety	internetdirect	1	Developer
rmoberg	internetdirect	0	Developer
neillans	internetdirect	0	Developer
jrgunkel	internetdirect	0	Developer
jpmugaas	internetdirect	1	
i_cohen	internetdirect	0	Developer
hhariri	internetdirect	1	
gdgrieve	internetdirect	0	Developer
gambit47	internetdirect	0	Developer
doychin	internetdirect	0	Developer
dlsiders	internetdirect	0	Developer
dkosinski	internetdirect	0	Developer
dennieschang	internetdirect	0	Developer
czhower	internetdirect	1	Project Manager
csmithtx	internetdirect	0	Developer
choppc	internetdirect	0	Developer
ccostelloe	internetdirect	0	Developer
bas_gooijen	internetdirect	0	
apmee	internetdirect	0	Developer
allen_oneill	internetdirect	0	Developer
jjacobs	interchphplib	1	Support Manager
arborint	interchphplib	1	Developer
osvaldo_andrade	intellime	0	
cleiton_diniz	intellime	0	
ad-rocha	intellime	1	Project Manager
bartcr	intelli-plugins	1	
nixnixnix	integradata	1	
techtonik	int13ext	1	
pwithnall	instil	1	Project Manager
olesha	installtstr	1	
locnar	installoptions	1	Project Manager
frabcus	installlib	1	Project Manager
damonc	installjammer	1	
fbsd-dev	install6	1	
void_de	install-toolkit	1	Project Manager
welshleo	inspace	1	
gilthiago	insightprocess	1	
wvgool	insectj	1	Developer
whalfond	insectj	0	Developer
tapiwattanapong	insectj	0	Developer
raulsantel	insectj	0	Developer
clausej	insectj	1	Developer
aseesing	insectj	1	Developer
aniljc	insectj	1	Developer
alexorso	insectj	1	Project Manager
tzimanchun	insecticida	1	Project Manager
inerte	inseasd	1	
mjmaisey	inprocess	1	
dafsoftware	innova	1	
otbsupport	innosetuppe	1	
melquiades	innig-util	1	
patrick_leb	inline-java	1	Project Manager
triggertv	inkmenu	0	Tester
rhymed	inkmenu	1	
igor_mikhailov	injectobject	1	
jsquyres	inilib	1	
bwbarrett	inilib	1	
revlis	inihandler	1	
mkosmul	inifile	0	Developer
carstenbreuer	inifile	1	Project Manager
zoftwarero	ingenias	1	Project Manager
rubenff	ingenias	0	Developer
pacblanch	ingenias	0	Developer
escalope	ingenias	1	Project Manager
chinaray	infovista	1	
wieben	informa	0	Developer
trondkl	informa	0	Developer
spyromus	informa	0	Developer
shacharbz	informa	0	Developer
ratnakardev	informa	0	Developer
pitosalas	informa	0	Developer
padark	informa	0	Developer
nileshbansal	informa	0	Developer
niko_schmuck	informa	1	Project Manager
mharhen	informa	0	Developer
krebsj	informa	0	Developer
jga	informa	0	Developer
italobb	informa	0	Developer
filipvanlaenen	informa	0	Developer
dhalbrook	informa	0	Developer
danieludatny	informa	0	Developer
cryptoalex	informa	0	Developer
bel70	informa	0	Developer
groboclown	inform-warez	1	Project Manager
jfn	infonode	1	Developer
creator	infonode	1	Developer
bjoli141	infonode	1	Project Manager
lucacappelletti	infodomestic	1	Project Manager
bwcto	infodock	1	
thefez	infinity-plus-1	1	Developer
adrenaline	infinity	1	
loko	infinitum8	1	Developer
gerrit_daniels	infinitum8	1	Developer
nouiz2	inetsock	1	
nouiz	inetsock	1	Project Manager
mr_jusz	ines	1	
meddochat	indy-net	1	
savaki	indigofdd	1	
tap2k	indic-computing	0	Developer
k_nagarajan	indic-computing	0	Developer
jkoshy	indic-computing	1	Project Manager
cherrymathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
schneidh	indecision	1	
mdp24	incgraph	1	
magi42	inanna	1	
hedrik	imutillib	1	All-Hands Person
rgrieselhuber	imshell	1	
xdoc	impression	1	Project Manager
nmanser	impression	0	Doc Writer
gladalex	impression	1	Developer
young-pee	impresscms	0	Developer
xoops-magazine	impresscms	0	Developer
wtravel	impresscms	1	Developer
wizanda	impresscms	0	Developer
webyfreak	impresscms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
web-m	impresscms	0	Developer
underdogg	impresscms	0	Developer
trabis	impresscms	0	Developer
tomblack	impresscms	1	All-Hands Person
the_bender	impresscms	0	Developer
sudhaker	impresscms	0	Developer
skenow	impresscms	1	Developer
saganxis	impresscms	0	Developer
real_therplima	impresscms	1	Developer
primosegundo	impresscms	0	Developer
praedator	impresscms	0	Developer
picia05	impresscms	0	Tester
pesian_stranger	impresscms	0	Developer
nachenko	impresscms	0	Developer
mrtheme	impresscms	0	Developer
menochi	impresscms	0	Developer
mekdrop	impresscms	0	Developer
mcdonald3072	impresscms	0	Developer
mboyden	impresscms	0	Developer
malanciault	impresscms	1	Project Manager
m0nty_	impresscms	0	Developer
kurak_bu	impresscms	0	Tester
kserginfo	impresscms	0	
knallkopp_02	impresscms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juancj	impresscms	0	Tester
jmorris77	impresscms	0	Developer
jegelstaff	impresscms	0	Developer
il_webmaestro	impresscms	0	Developer
icetomyst	impresscms	0	
gibaphp	impresscms	0	Developer
fx2024	impresscms	0	Developer
evoc	impresscms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dugris	impresscms	0	Developer
dave_l	impresscms	0	Developer
claudiaphp	impresscms	0	Developer
andrewvincent	impresscms	0	All-Hands Person
anderssk	impresscms	0	Developer
algalochkin	impresscms	0	
akitson	impresscms	0	Developer
adamelayan	impresscms	0	All-Hands Person
tomcopeland	importscrubber	1	Developer
ellisj	importscrubber	1	Developer
nkohji	implessbean	1	
woutervdberg	impi	0	Developer
hgeldenhuys	impi	0	Developer
gvandyk	impi	1	
elabuschagne	impi	0	Developer
andrelouw	impi	0	Developer
gallysoft	imperoupdater	1	Developer
judison	imglisted	1	
lightningrod220	imediabrowser	1	
iofw	imediabrowser	1	Developer
uyar	imdbpy	0	Developer
master_jaf	imdbpy	0	Developer
jespern	imdbpy	0	Developer
cowo	imdbpy	0	Developer
alberanid	imdbpy	1	Developer
natmaka	imc	1	Project Manager
dbarth	imc	1	
parmadil	iman-macosx	1	
claudenw	imago	1	Project Manager
gesha	imagej	1	
kenfitzpatrick	imagebuttonbean	1	
sbarbo	iloa	1	Project Manager
jpapes	iloa	0	All-Hands Person
cchampion	iloa	1	
tteuling	illumination	1	Project Manager
sgreenhill	illumination	0	Developer
rgrjr	ilisp	0	Developer
mna	ilisp	0	Developer
mkoeppe	ilisp	0	Developer
marcoxa	ilisp	1	Developer
kevinrosenberg	ilisp	0	Developer
craigly	ilisp	0	Developer
bill_clementson	ilisp	0	Developer
anisotropy9	ilisp	0	Developer
vshaykev	ilabs	1	Developer
thanos	ilabs	0	Project Manager
mmajczak	ilabs	1	Developer
mhuang	ilabs	1	Developer
lanomik	ilabs	1	
irmo28	ilabs	0	Project Manager
deribas	ilabs	1	Support Manager
adean_75	ilabs	0	Support Manager
allbeck	ikan	1	
ikore	ikore	1	
vmedina	ikirux	1	
ik_5	ikhebtools-fpc	1	Project Manager
indukumar	ikcommons	1	
wip	ika	0	Developer
ttthrasher	ika	0	Web Designer
the_speed_bump	ika	1	Project Manager
khross	ika	0	Developer
janusfury	ika	0	Developer
escovan	ika	0	No specific role
ajrw-cywolf	ika	0	Developer
bentcd	ijtree	1	Project Manager
iulianilea	ii-sso	1	
wax90	iip	1	
vnesek	iim4j	1	
juergen_ebert	iicontrol	1	
rharder	iharder	1	Project Manager
arturbac	iglwidget-clx	1	
ionflux	iftools	1	Project Manager
rwaliany	ifi-picloader	1	
jdong2002	ifi-picloader	0	
astronouth7303	ifi-picloader	1	Developer
arekmenner	ifi-picloader	0	Developer
thomre	iese-sop	0	Developer
matthias_schuff	iese-sop	0	Developer
macmillan78	iese-sop	1	Developer
joerg_rech	iese-sop	1	Developer
jaseeger	iese-sop	1	Project Manager
iese-sop	iese-sop	1	
eric_ras	iese-sop	1	Developer
emmy82	iese-sop	1	Developer
doppelmutzi	iese-sop	1	Project Manager
dazi	iese-sop	1	Developer
bjoern_decker	iese-sop	1	Developer
vofka	ierror	1	Developer
nycteris	ienjinia	0	Developer
magoghm	ienjinia	1	
fcastrillo	ienjinia	0	Developer
egarduno	ienjinia	1	Developer
edivargas	ienjinia	1	Developer
fhtino	iec16022sharp	1	
zedl	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
csprivate	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
talios	idxml	1	Developer
puddpunk	idxml	0	Developer
mike_hart	idxml	0	
cheetah100	idxml	1	Developer
allanblackwell	idxml	0	Developer
mreckz	idux	1	
idsl2_software	idsl2fd	1	
jwhite909	idsharp	1	
sbesson	idil	1	All-Hands Person
akabla	idil	1	Project Manager
lokeshrj	idict	1	
zappa2	ideproject	1	Developer
jsorah	ideproject	0	Developer
chavetech	ideproject	0	Web Designer
chandlerc	ideproject	1	Developer
thboeckel	identifylib	0	Developer
shredzone	identifylib	1	All-Hands Person
damato	identifylib	0	Project Manager
rmaddy	ideavim	1	
blackp	ideas	1	
mckeonm	ideamacs	1	Developer
lokedhs	ideamacs	1	
ubik	ideajbossplugin	1	Developer
rsfeir	ideajbossplugin	1	
hendriks73	ideajad	1	
magsilva	ideais	1	
nilsha	ideaimporter	1	
manuo	ideaimporter	1	Project Manager
christianth	ideaimporter	0	Developer
smardec	ideagestures	1	
azalsup	ideada	1	
oeker	ide4db	0	Developer
haky	ide4db	1	
gezginv	ide4db	0	Tester
ayteng	ide4db	0	Editorial/Content Writer
aysenurengil	ide4db	0	
swmasters	ide-master	1	Project Manager
jrfonseca	idc	1	
jonathansimon	idata	1	
pepax	idal	1	Developer
corieu	idal	1	Developer
bernardoh	idal	1	
thefrogprince	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
t1mpy	id3lib	1	Project Manager
slackorama	id3lib	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
shadrack	id3lib	1	Project Manager
fsziegler	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fnheiden	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cmumford	id3lib	0	Developer
adcockj	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
abscess	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
wortony	id-validate	0	Developer
saunup	id-validate	0	Graphic/Other Designer
robinkohli	id-validate	0	Web Designer
robbie_79uk	id-validate	0	Developer
prashantkvc	id-validate	0	Developer
mpanayot	id-validate	0	Developer
mcavoym	id-validate	0	Developer
kenci	id-validate	0	Developer
iddytwo	id-validate	0	Developer
iddycol	id-validate	1	Project Manager
alicubed	id-validate	0	Developer
abhihere	id-validate	0	Developer
ghostdev85	icyowl	1	
royflex	icuvmf	0	Developer
kotharisa	icuvmf	1	All-Hands Person
kekaneshrikant	icuvmf	0	
mennigmann	icsp	1	
gilril	iconsearch	1	
westbay	icon-collection	1	
rbarkhouse	icon-collection	0	Developer
desnoix	icon-collection	0	Developer
vladeck	icg	1	Developer
thunderzone	icg	1	Developer
jasonkl	icalendar	1	Project Manager
rletness	ical4j	0	Developer
miked	ical4j	0	Developer
fortuna	ical4j	1	
bmoseley	ical4j	0	Developer
kcidsoft	ibuttonlib	1	
rcleveng	ibug	1	Developer
rainyjyu	ibug	0	Developer
marktoml	ibug	0	Developer
candb_dev_lead	ibug	1	Developer
ambelovsky	ibtlib	1	All-Hands Person
troy_melhase	ibpy	1	Developer
ringdal	ibootadvanced	1	
thusted	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
sellig	ibatisnet	1	Developer
rrabe	ibatisnet	1	Support Manager
kawaic	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cbegin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bgoodin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cbegin	ibatisjpetstore	1	
cbegin	ibatisdb	1	Developer
thusted	ibatiscontrib	1	
sellig	ibatiscontrib	1	
rrabe	ibatiscontrib	1	
cbegin	ibatiscontrib	1	
masukomi	ibatisbreakdown	0	Developer
cbegin	ibatisbreakdown	1	Project Manager
tonim	ibaccess	1	Developer
oan42	ibaccess	0	
hubble	ibaccess	0	
comiac	ibaccess	0	
ceharon	ibaccess	0	
mauriceling	ib-dwb	1	Project Manager
lukepeterson	iadatatypes	1	
dmitry_kulik	i2cprog	1	
ppeterburgskyy	i18nedit	0	Developer
dirkhillbrecht	i18nedit	1	Project Manager
dlinsin	i-trax	1	
wep	zztpp	1	
jacobhammond	zztpp	0	Developer
comradehm	zztpp	0	Developer
ordnas	zzoss	1	Project Manager
jbreit	zzoss	0	Developer
czonsius	zzoss	1	Project Manager
vspader	zycode	1	
cnclark	zxpy	1	Developer
bzimmer	zxpy	1	Developer
mikepb78	zxf	1	
randolpho	zwebedit	1	
rochael	zunit	1	Developer
mwkuster	zunit	0	Developer
lalo	zunit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
albagj	zunit	1	Developer
ecrahen	zthread	1	Unix Admin
ominousminds	ztemplate	1	Project Manager
wohleb	zsrep	0	Developer
jcmdev0	zsrep	0	Developer
cyphactor	zsrep	1	Developer
randolpho	zproject	1	
psycho77	zports	1	Developer
mteira	zports	1	
alzx	zparser	1	
pue5tube	zorta	1	Developer
prozacx	zorta	0	Developer
orta	zorta	0	
noxz	zorta	0	Developer
lazmike	zorta	0	
jsz-	zorta	0	Graphic/Other Designer
frodof	zorta	0	Developer
dmental	zorta	0	
bkenwright	zorta	1	Developer
mrw	zoolib	0	
jpjohnson	zoolib	0	Developer
goingware	zoolib	1	Developer
evilrob	zoolib	0	Developer
eric_cooper	zoolib	1	Developer
determinator	zoolib	0	Developer
cteplovs	zoolib	0	Developer
carbontax	zoolib	0	Doc Writer
agreen	zoolib	1	Project Manager
prdutta	zmpls	1	
munroe_r	zmenu	1	
ankhcraft	zlib-palmos	1	All-Hands Person
vagul	zlib-ada	1	
samyem	zkbeans	1	
zanyking	zk1	0	Developer
waterbottle	zk1	0	Developer
tomyeh	zk1	1	Project Manager
robbiecheng	zk1	0	Developer
ohpizz	zk1	0	Developer
jumperchen	zk1	0	Developer
jimyeh	zk1	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jeanher	zk1	0	Editorial/Content Writer
henrichen	zk1	1	Project Manager
flynew	zk1	0	Developer
charlespao	zk1	0	Developer
andrho	zk1	0	Developer
intavg	zippar	0	Web Designer
darrellulm	zippar	1	Project Manager
wiredduns	zipios	0	Developer
thomas	zipios	1	Project Manager
russel_winder	zipios	0	Developer
pablobuiras	zipios	0	Developer
logos114	zipios	0	Developer
heikoh	zipios	0	Developer
gaogao	zipios	0	Developer
neil_whitworth	zipcom	1	
wjue	ziling	1	
jrialland	zignal	1	
xaghash	zig-project	1	
zhnt	zhnt	1	
elig	zgcs	1	
thomasmshaw	zforums	1	
rgifford77	zfwpager	1	
marbeen	zfwpager	0	Developer
rio	zfm	1	
cgouiran	zfm	1	
sgt101	zeusagent	1	
lyndon	zeusagent	1	
jaron	zeusagent	1	
nekronomekron	zeus	1	Project Manager
tsynique	zetring	1	
authen	zeti	1	
kryptor	zescript	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
jiye_zeng	zescript	1	
keithfralick	zerolibc	1	
bratfisch	zerberus	1	Developer
alexanderb	zerberus	1	
zenspider	zenspider-cmp	1	All-Hands Person
zenitram	zenlib	1	
jaspervdg	zenlib	0	Developer
bazald	zenilib	1	Project Manager
elchem0	zengine	1	
cubber	zengine	1	Developer
cstt	zdat	1	
rgiuly	zcontrols	1	
vvinnie	zclipse	0	Developer
timhickey	zclipse	0	
shanenz	zclipse	0	Developer
psyncho	zclipse	0	
mmjohnso	zclipse	0	All-Hands Person
michaelrhead	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
marcus_malcom	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
chambery	zclipse	1	Developer
celek	zclipse	0	Developer
buddy1974	zclipse	0	No specific role
akmal88	zclipse	0	No specific role
abmccullough	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
ivanyukovich	zaval0006	1	
ivanyukovich	zaval0005	1	
ivanyukovich	zaval0003	1	
victor7k	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lspwd	zaval0000	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ivanyukovich	zaval0000	1	Project Manager
xah	zaubertrank	0	
kanonenschwein	zaubertrank	0	
bfallenstein	zaubertrank	1	
w4z004	zang	1	Project Manager
uskola	zang	0	Developer
swisslyons	zang	0	Web Designer
skaag	zang	0	Developer
regen_r8	zang	0	Requirements Engineering
mvandam	zang	1	Developer
koudanshi	zang	0	
junjp	zang	0	Developer
jcscoobyrs	zang	0	Developer
dcogan	zang	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
buennagel	zang	1	All-Hands Person
anakein	zang	0	Developer
viacoban	zamolxis	1	
zebra_9	z9-data-ss	1	
jnekl	z8encore	1	
boo_boo	z80ex	1	
mmartin2	z80eclipse	1	
jaewoolee	z2z	1	
whitespacer	ezcontrolcenter	0	Developer
miklit02	ezcontrolcenter	1	Developer
listic	ezcontrolcenter	0	All-Hands Person
hasokeric	ezcontrolcenter	1	
chfreund	ezcontrolcenter	0	Developer
voisine	ezxml	1	
tsvetozar	ezwindows	1	
pathfnder	ezwebdb	1	
sguruprasanna	ezvu	1	
jdesch	ezv24	1	
locrian	ezsocket	1	
typedrobin	ezlicense	1	Project Manager
marcus256	ezissu	1	
xenni	ezirr	1	
chochos	ezcontent	1	
mike9010	ez2d	1	No specific role
sidman	exymen	0	Developer
schackert	exymen	0	Developer
rickhall	exymen	0	
muhgatus	exymen	0	All-Hands Person
mabdog27	exymen	0	Developer
knipping	exymen	0	
fractor	exymen	1	Project Manager
realguru	extremebasic	1	Developer
andrew24601	extremebasic	1	
dominikr	extracta	1	
crni	extracta	1	
qfilgus	extfilesearch	1	Developer
david_ps	extfilesearch	1	Developer
xos_seraf	extensibleos	1	
mplachta	extensibleos	1	Developer
cudi	extensibleos	1	
jeromegamez	extendedjs	1	
ferraii	extended-type	1	
rentzsch	extendamac	1	Developer
meeroh	extendamac	1	
gundrum	extendamac	1	Project Manager
guiheneuf	extendamac	0	Developer
fdj	extendamac	1	
duanem	extendamac	0	Developer
nphillips	exspiminator	1	Project Manager
johnjones	exspiminator	0	Developer
brianvanderburg	expreval	1	
ninputer	expresslane	1	Developer
cangying	expresslane	1	Developer
balisagar	expinc	1	
welch	expect	0	
libes	expect	1	
hobbs2	expect	0	
hobbs	expect	1	
davygrvy	expect	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	expect	0	
didosevilla	expatobjc	1	
farsus	exoops	1	Project Manager
metanull	exomeme	1	
exmld	exmld	1	
dp79	exmld	1	Developer
svene	exml	0	Developer
sparker	exml	0	Developer
julian_deville	exml	0	
anlei	exml	1	
rubyyan	exmat	0	Developer
mtlung	exmat	1	
mcspy0312	exmat	0	Developer
sholson	exif-py	0	Developer
ianare	exif-py	1	
sturtivant	exegraph	0	Developer
steinman	exegraph	0	Developer
roncraig	exegraph	1	Developer
mmcmanus	exegraph	1	Project Manager
markpearse	exegraph	1	Project Manager
karlkoenig	exegraph	1	
joeshortsleeve	exegraph	0	Developer
friso73	exegraph	0	Developer
barang	exegraph	0	Developer
drseb	executor	1	
zixia	execready	1	
mktmk	exe2rom	1	
phillippettit	exceptionreport	1	
manager_65	exception4j	0	Project Manager
javabrigadier	exception4j	1	Tester
rhonings	excel2progress	1	
turnermm	excavator	1	
areutter	ewglib	1	
aice007	ewerbung	1	
rbakos	ewcc	1	Project Manager
qinghai	ewcc	0	Developer
jimmytharpe	ewcc	0	Developer
jeanferreira	ewcc	0	Developer
afederici	ewcc	0	Developer
mballesteros	ewc	1	
luigi_beast	ewc	0	Developer
lahtirob	ewc	0	Developer
jiyarza	ewc	0	Developer
eclectus	evokeengine2	1	
lo_gafet	evts	1	Developer
jmenter	evolutif	1	Developer
gkrueger	evolutif	1	Developer
mattlewis	euslibs	0	Developer
cklester	euslibs	1	
pkenens	eulersharp	0	Developer
naudts	eulersharp	0	Developer
mdupont	eulersharp	0	Developer
josd	eulersharp	1	Developer
jmvanel	eulersharp	0	Developer
m_sabal	eugtk	1	Developer
eugtk	eugtk	1	
mattlewis	eucom	1	
ah8	euclid-vector	1	
ray_223	euallegro	1	
loo66	euallegro	0	Developer
crylex	euallegro	1	Developer
arodygin	etraxis	1	All-Hands Person
eonics	etp	1	
eae	etp	1	
ilker_aksen	etool	1	Project Manager
hackerdan	etinytools	1	
ligado	etf	1	
jonost	etester	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dmakalsky	etester	1	All-Hands Person
nsanti	eternity-it	1	
dev	eternity-it	0	Developer
tszming	etemplate	1	
kraythe	esysprops-plug	1	
jpbl	esyslogd	1	Project Manager
sword42	esw	0	Developer
imperator5	esw	1	Developer
eswadmin	esw	1	
bove027	estsearchdlgs	0	Developer
baldo	estsearchdlgs	1	
doctorsnuggles	estlogger	0	Developer
bove027	estlogger	0	Developer
baldo	estlogger	1	Project Manager
dankib01	essentialdata	1	Developer
mcl032	essensoft	1	
lokeshrj	esper	0	Developer
dj_jhor	esper	0	Developer
bernhardtt	esper	1	
adityapandit	esper	0	Developer
diffcom	espeaksr	1	
egsilva	espeak-php	1	
zuel	eslogger	1	
mcarkan	eslib	1	No specific role
erich-roncarolo	eslib	1	
classic	eslib	1	
dnewhall	esl	1	
cchris	esl	0	
zbox	esiobjects	0	Developer
twiechmann	esiobjects	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
toad	esiobjects	0	
rschilling	esiobjects	0	Developer
mcmanamon	esiobjects	0	No specific role
mbagepll	esiobjects	0	Developer
ferret1964	esiobjects	1	Project Manager
crommettc	esiobjects	0	Developer
rayshi	esecurity	1	
tuser	ese	0	Developer
sir_ck_ua	ese	0	Developer
fred_zen	ese	0	Analysis / Design
cadrian	ese	1	All-Hands Person
wickedsmoke	esdl	0	Developer
seanhinde	esdl	0	Developer
klajo	esdl	1	Developer
giniu	esdl	0	Developer
dgud	esdl	1	
bufflig	esdl	1	Developer
bjorng	esdl	1	Developer
samtam	esde	1	Project Manager
juliameng	esde	0	Developer
boatzhou	esde	1	
xentac	escot	1	Developer
spartan5	escot	1	Project Manager
pda	escot	1	Developer
dudeofx	escot	1	Developer
daimon_hall	escot	1	Project Manager
stephent	escher	1	Developer
rabbit78	escher	1	Project Manager
neugens	escher	1	Developer
shockfreezer	escapenet	0	Project Manager
cocaman	escapenet	1	Project Manager
etamin	esc-dev	1	
cider101	esbrowsers	1	
theiling	erwin2	1	
andreasn	errsum	1	
wte	errorsystem	0	Developer
sonicmctails	errorsystem	1	Developer
london567	errorsystem	0	Developer
chengetai	errorsystem	0	Developer
brokenclock	errorsystem	1	Project Manager
haoboy	erlybird	1	All-Hands Person
dcaoyuan	erlybird	1	
vladdu	erlide	1	Project Manager
rcalco	erlide	0	Developer
oroszgy	erlide	0	Project Manager
mvw	erlide	1	Project Manager
mikl	erlide	0	Developer
jakobc	erlide	1	Developer
huiqing	erlide	0	Developer
garazdawi	erlide	0	Developer
falkdani	erlide	0	Developer
eranga	erlide	0	Developer
douglas_lindsay	erlide	0	Developer
dnonnenm	erlide	0	Developer
datacompboy	erlide	0	Developer
daatomas	erlide	0	Developer
cyberlync	erlide	1	Project Manager
charpi	erlide	0	Tester
kamikazze	erlangstudio	1	
detlevo	eric-ide	1	Project Manager
jsher	equo	1	
jbarata	equo	0	Developer
kayalibeshr	epidle	1	
raychorn	epydoc	0	Developer
kiko_async	epydoc	0	Developer
jhermann	epydoc	0	Developer
edloper	epydoc	1	Project Manager
dvarrazzo	epydoc	0	Developer
brucem	epydoc	0	Developer
jonasmolsa	epto	1	
holderhek	epte	1	
atanveer	eproman	1	
rincewindwizard	eprog	1	Developer
mjae	eprog	1	Developer
heder	eprog	1	Developer
russelr	eprintf	1	
fotsoft	epptt	1	Developer
zhang	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
williamt	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
lchasen	epp-ver-04	1	Project Manager
joeamsden	epp-ver-04	0	
wessorh	epp-rtk	0	Developer
vhokstad	epp-rtk	0	Developer
tubadanm	epp-rtk	1	Developer
stuartmarsden	epp-rtk	0	Developer
steira00	epp-rtk	1	Developer
rader	epp-rtk	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lyin	epp-rtk	0	Developer
jmwoods	epp-rtk	0	Developer
januszlib	epp-rtk	0	
jamesfgould	epp-rtk	1	Developer
helena_zhou	epp-rtk	0	
fotsoft	epp-rtk	1	Developer
ewang2004	epp-rtk	1	Developer
asimbirt	epp-rtk	0	Developer
afilias	epp-rtk	0	Developer
jelle78	epo-extensions	1	Project Manager
frank777	epo-extensions	1	Project Manager
mgebha	eplug	0	Developer
mforster	eplug	1	
cjstehno	eplug	1	Developer
pakl	epk	1	
zau	epidoc	0	Developer
sbauman	epidoc	0	
rviglianti	epidoc	0	Developer
paregorios	epidoc	1	Project Manager
mdjone2	epidoc	0	Developer
lmanderson	epidoc	0	
licinianus	epidoc	0	Developer
julia_flanders	epidoc	0	
juangarces	epidoc	0	
jbodel	epidoc	0	
ilaria	epidoc	0	
hcayless	epidoc	1	Project Manager
gabrielbodard	epidoc	1	Project Manager
fiser	epidoc	1	Project Manager
espensore	epidoc	0	
ellimylonas	epidoc	0	
ctupman	epidoc	0	Developer
croueche	epidoc	0	
asciva	epidoc	0	Developer
markoniemi	epfe	0	Developer
bob_marlin	epfe	1	
epeios	epeios	1	Project Manager
csimon	epeios	1	Developer
willkommers	epb4php	0	Developer
wagner83104	epb4php	1	
lemnik	eodsql	1	
sork	eocene-php	0	Developer
pswitek	eocene-php	0	Developer
moramata	eocene-php	1	
dmacvica	eocene-php	0	Developer
xob	eobsystem	1	Developer
kenia	eobsystem	1	Developer
arnost00	eobsystem	1	Developer
fluence	envoicefluence	1	
theunixdude	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
shepatw	enyware	0	Developer
malloc_all	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
everweb	enyware	0	Project Manager
durrada	enyware	0	Developer
becwwilson	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
atjb	enyware	1	Distributor/Promoter
robertoles	environmental	1	
chrismlewis	environmental	1	Developer
pcauto	entitytable	1	
azappala	enterprisejini	1	Project Manager
aarondai	enterpriseapps	1	
semihc	enlib	1	
asual	enlarge	1	
hvline	eng3dleveled	1	
brahma	eng3dleveled	0	Graphic/Other Designer
mnementh	endjinn	1	
bildsoft	encryptiondll	1	
rodrigomalara	encnet	1	
prfaleiros	encnet	0	No specific role
paulozac	encnet	0	No specific role
luisf	encnet	0	No specific role
gcoliveira	encnet	0	No specific role
arsousa	encnet	0	No specific role
enitsys	enaf	1	Project Manager
agreendyk	emcdmadobelc	1	
garyfeng	emxml	1	
robertguite	emunes	1	
lorenzone92	emulearchaicus	1	
emulates	emulates	1	Project Manager
mezantrop	empty	1	
shadow	empeg-vfdlib	0	Developer
rkirkby	empeg-vfdlib	1	
empeeco	empeecomail	1	
zander76	emotion	1	
mirviv	emotion	1	Developer
wulfmania	emos-framework	0	
maconic	emos-framework	0	Developer
drajovic	emos-framework	1	All-Hands Person
rcjsuen	emonic	0	
radekp	emonic	0	Developer
krapfi	emonic	0	Developer
ertl	emonic	0	
bernhardbrem	emonic	1	
schank	emo	0	Developer
rimovm	emo	0	Developer
larham	emo	1	
mmalai	emlvoting	0	All-Hands Person
dswarzman	emlvoting	1	Developer
drrwebber	emlvoting	1	
chennaganesh	emlvoting	1	Developer
emiedes	emiedesclsbrwsr	1	
fulnecky	emfsearch	1	
d96knut	emfsearch	1	Project Manager
doebele	empire-db	1	
tpunkka	embunit	1	Developer
arms22	embunit	1	
johnwillsons	embeded-ejb	1	
sergev	embeddedwb	0	Developer
bsalsa	embeddedwb	1	
wsb56	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
tkurz	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
shaack1	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
sbormann71	embeddedloconet	1	Developer
pischky	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
olofunke	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
n3ix	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
mogulman	embeddedloconet	0	
mimozx	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
mbalser	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
kufer	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
kiwi64ajs	embeddedloconet	1	Project Manager
ggbutcher	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
floobydust	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dpharris	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dirkj	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
apdougla	ematrix	1	
rambius	emaria	1	
paranoid12	emaria	0	
ivnik	emaria	0	
csandeep	emacszilla	1	
raman	emacs-versor	0	Developer
jcg_sturdy	emacs-versor	1	
cboisvert	el-cid	1	
vestdam	elucidator	1	
apulsifer	elscr	1	
guill	elsa	1	Project Manager
dionjp	elsa	1	Project Manager
braneloc	elric	1	Developer
usander	elj	1	
svene	elj	0	Developer
pmonks	elj	0	Developer
pascalp	elj	0	Developer
mqm	elj	0	
hey	elj	0	Developer
gmc444	elj	0	Developer
elj	elj	1	
dleijen	elj	0	Developer
byan	elj	0	Developer
bsander	elj	0	Developer
waimingh	elj-win32	0	
svene	elj-win32	0	
pmonks	elj-win32	0	Developer
pascalp	elj-win32	0	
mqm	elj-win32	0	
hey	elj-win32	0	Developer
elj	elj-win32	1	
bsander	elj-win32	0	
wiljohnson	elixre	1	Developer
wangmj99	elixre	0	Developer
rkaushik72	elixre	0	Developer
kamal_s	elixre	1	Developer
johnsonryan	elixre	0	
jfauble	elixre	0	Developer
javaninja72	elixre	0	Developer
hollowaybrad	elixre	0	Developer
halehan	elixre	0	Developer
sorinv	elisa	1	
granvil	elisa	1	Developer
christie	elisa	1	Project Manager
ydeydier	elips	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
toroparado	elips	0	Developer
skidvd	elips	0	Developer
phoebusbr	elips	0	Developer
opinionplugin	elips	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
meh123	elips	0	Developer
jguridi	elips	0	Developer
jacob.costa	elips	0	Developer
epsino	elips	0	Developer
edr94200	elips	0	Developer
a_ilyin	elips	0	Developer
adrozdov2005	elips	1	All-Hands Person
vektor	elfembed	1	Developer
minimalism	elfembed	1	
oklan	elfdump	1	
sbahra	elfa	1	
andrewthegreen	element-python	1	
g_karthikeya	elab	1	
vauclair	ejp	1	
theri0n	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
richhl	ejosa	1	Developer
rbeltran	ejosa	1	Unix Admin
menzel	ejosa	1	Project Manager
isarsu	ejosa	0	Developer
idueppe	ejosa	1	Developer
dewanto	ejosa	1	Project Manager
ageldama	ejgamekit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rhartenbower	ejbvoyager	1	Project Manager
sciara	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
n_alex_rupp	ejbutils	1	Project Manager
markus-karg	ejbfc	1	Project Manager
eisi2003	eiselt-classlib	1	
josdirksen	eip-in-action	1	
pschoenb	einteractive	1	
zlinux	eimp	0	Developer
vilmar	eimp	0	Developer
rluong	eimp	0	Developer
persefon	eimp	1	Project Manager
mnaglik	eimp	0	Developer
loya	eimp	1	
kshanth	eimp	0	Developer
badawang	eimp	0	Developer
svene	eifogl	0	Developer
paco	eifogl	1	Project Manager
rodolfograve	eiffelfox	0	
michaelfalconer	eiffelfox	0	Developer
dhiebert	eiffelfox	1	Project Manager
svene	eiffel	0	Developer
pascalp	eiffel	1	
elj	eiffel	0	Developer
bsander	eiffel	0	Developer
taffkoi	eiffel-edom	0	Developer
colin-adams	eiffel-edom	1	
melquiades	eidola	1	
wadimoff	eibcontrol	0	Developer
volodimir	eibcontrol	1	Developer
martinli	eibcontrol	0	Developer
jneumann	eibcontrol	1	Project Manager
egnaz	eibcontrol	0	Developer
emiliogonzalez	eht-base	1	
epeios	ehos	1	
csimon	ehos	1	Developer
randallco	ehep	1	Project Manager
jamesgan	ehep	0	Developer
wholzhammer	egovtyrol	0	Developer
mjpinte	egovtyrol	0	
eweitlaner	egovtyrol	0	Developer
dvt_java	egovtyrol	1	
kuthu	eggo	1	Project Manager
cminyard	egc	1	
aciph	eforp	1	
sparker	efsa	0	Developer
richieb	efsa	1	Developer
mjansen	efsa	1	
jimweirich	efsa	1	
eiffel	efsa	1	Project Manager
shixiaodan	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
efcstudio	efcstudio	1	Project Manager
nicnac	eejlib	1	
jochen_sauer	eefes	1	Developer
ddoerr	eefes	1	Project Manager
vannyn	edumips64	0	Developer
thetarro	edumips64	0	Developer
mirkochip	edumips64	0	Developer
max83t	edumips64	0	Developer
mancausoft	edumips64	0	Developer
lupino3	edumips64	1	Project Manager
lacygirl	edumips64	0	Developer
filworld	edumips64	0	Developer
fafa1971	edumips64	0	
alenico84	edumips64	0	Developer
lenigmaus	eduengine	1	
quantum-dolphin	educationalive	1	Developer
itumel	educationalive	1	
tszming	edodb	1	
pss121	edm32	1	Project Manager
bramonb	edm32	0	Doc Writer
alexis_wilke	edll	1	
eeuwevandijk	edk	1	All-Hands Person
jaredburns	editorlist	1	
mbbx6spp	editmate	1	
evias	edit-it	1	
rayspostbox3	edisdk	1	All-Hands Person
wanapu2009	edimo	1	
speare	edhlib	1	
peterbecker	edgar	1	
sebastienjust	edf	0	Developer
fesnault	edf	0	Developer
dgirard_eu	edf	1	
aeden	edenlib	1	
vljubovic	ede	1	All-Hands Person
laza2000	ede	1	All-Hands Person
karijes	ede	1	All-Hands Person
cortex	ede	1	All-Hands Person
earthur	edanator	1	
sptechsys	eci	1	
ewuillai	eclipsecopyrigh	1	
duracell80	ecvxml	1	
mpagel	ecuarchitect	1	Tester
eidanch	ecservicedll	1	
mastergaurav	ecmp	1	
davoli	eclpropfileedit	1	Project Manager
nsando	eclpce	1	Project Manager
fryguy101	eclpce	0	
asabri	eclpce	0	Developer
angstrom	eclpce	0	Developer
enricobn	eclipsex	1	
ravs53	eclipseworld	1	
openacci	eclipseuploader	1	
tcljava	eclipsetv	1	Project Manager
thofi	eclipsetools	1	
pbaumard	eclipsetidy	1	Project Manager
dkfn	eclipsetidy	1	
taresto	eclipsestarter	1	
fulnecky	eclipsesrs	1	
yossi_zend	eclipsesql	1	Project Manager
wvernaillen	eclipsesql	1	Developer
v_e_c_t_o_r	eclipsesql	0	
utdrew	eclipsesql	0	Developer
toniez	eclipsesql	0	Developer
tioroy	eclipsesql	0	Developer
spackers	eclipsesql	1	Developer
senoctar	eclipsesql	0	Developer
pdmef	eclipsesql	0	Developer
pavanm	eclipsesql	0	Developer
mobigeek	eclipsesql	0	Developer
linlei99	eclipsesql	0	Developer
golfosanjorge	eclipsesql	0	Developer
dvanherbergen	eclipsesql	1	Project Manager
dreween	eclipsesql	0	Developer
cpplus	eclipsesql	0	Developer
ammouna	eclipsesql	0	Developer
admorgan	eclipsesql	1	Project Manager
tcljava	eclipseservices	1	
uid5731	eclipsescala	1	
eburnette	eclipsepowered	1	
setera	eclipseme	1	Project Manager
kdhunter	eclipseme	0	Developer
voostind	eclipselib	0	
jasonlotito	eclipselib	1	
scarlson	eclipselauncher	1	
membar	eclipselauncher	0	
krose	eclipselauncher	0	
hoop33	eclipselaunch	1	
tcljava	eclipsejtapi	1	Project Manager
chaves	eclipsegraphviz	1	
cjstehno	eclipsefrills	1	
david_biesack	eclipseexeditor	1	
spudder	eclipseeng	1	
ajuckel	eclipseejb	1	
qualdeveclipse	eclipsedotproj	1	
ricardoinzaurra	eclipsecolorer	1	
antonywilkins	eclipsecoding	1	All-Hands Person
ochnygosch	eclipseclassloc	1	
margaridaromero	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
leyann	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
jcdus	eclipseas	1	Project Manager
acombe	eclipseas	1	
linnet	eclipse-tools	1	Developer
deerwood	eclipse-tools	0	Developer
ykhr	eclipse-study	0	Developer
yamashiro0217	eclipse-study	0	Developer
kompiro	eclipse-study	1	All-Hands Person
kojihashi	eclipse-study	0	Developer
kenichi_taka	eclipse-study	0	Developer
kenchan	eclipse-study	0	Developer
daisuke_m	eclipse-study	0	Developer
fukuzawa	eclipse-solx86	1	
pineson	eclipse-picdt	0	Developer
maihde	eclipse-picdt	1	Project Manager
lhirschy	eclipse-picdt	0	Developer
johnwillsons	eclipse-library	1	
amgad_s_youssef	eclipse-jcde	1	
wayner42	eclipse-harmony	1	
pombredanne	eclipse-harmony	1	Project Manager
gwagenknecht	eclipse-harmony	1	
alexeypetrenko	eclipse-harmony	1	Developer
lelissam	eclipse-gwt	1	
zepag	eclipse-dws	1	
ddossot	eclipse-dws	0	
ruslanas	eclipse-ddt	1	Developer
mangstacular	eclipse-ddt	0	Developer
inkredibl	eclipse-ddt	1	
pschoenb	eclipse-cleaner	1	Developer
paruwo	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
lak_	eclipse-bt	1	Developer
ervandew	eclim	1	
stonyyy	eclideployerftp	1	
ac0dr	ecldbtool	1	Developer
yeouda	eclauncher	1	Project Manager
miojio	eclauncher	1	
nik777	eccles	1	All-Hands Person
iantomey	eccles	1	
zappo	ecb	0	Developer
loverde	ecb	0	Developer
creator	ecb	1	
burtonator	ecb	0	Developer
berndl	ecb	1	Project Manager
lotharcom	ebsd	1	
whitwareinc	ebookman-sdk	1	
robertaustin	ebook-writer	1	
kiniry	ebon	1	All-Hands Person
fintanf	ebon	0	Developer
dmzimmerman	ebon	0	Developer
trevelyan2001	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
imotic	ebob	1	All-Hands Person
gpollice	ebob	0	Project Manager
profiploch_68	ebnfparse	1	
ingo_thomas	ebnf	1	
epeios	ebkd	1	
csimon	ebkd	1	Developer
rob107	ebeanorm	1	
sodamnmad	easygettask	1	All-Hands Person
josuealcalde	easyfaces	1	
easywin32	easywin32	1	
masszani	easywhois	1	Developer
gsaielli	easywhois	1	
sifro	easyupdater	1	
jmftrindade	easyupdater	0	Developer
groscask	easyupdater	0	Developer
ganeshsriram	easyupdater	0	
wza	easyuo-contkind	1	Project Manager
scriptfellow	easyuo-contkind	1	
r0l0	easyuo-contkind	0	Developer
barthe	easyunit	1	
creepy123	easytomcat	1	Developer
bjoernko	easytomcat	1	
egoricev	easysmpp	0	Developer
andrewbalan	easysmpp	1	Developer
citizenrobertk	easysearch	1	
etagwerker	easyscm	1	
rblade	easyreg	1	
theprogramer	easyphpfw	1	
agiledevcore	easyphpfw	1	
prajendran	easypersistence	0	
kmatcha	easypersistence	1	Developer
karthi123	easypersistence	1	All-Hands Person
janapoornavel	easypersistence	0	Developer
easychan	easypersistence	0	Developer
thenuts	easyobjects	1	
moraisrocha	easyobjects	1	
marcaocouto	easyobjects	1	
thierry_cattel	easymocknet	0	Doc Writer
mstruck	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
mjantz	easymocknet	1	All-Hands Person
jskeet	easymocknet	0	Developer
elmarj	easymocknet	0	Developer
tammofreese	easymock	1	
jhannes	easymock	0	
henri_tremblay	easymock	0	
egoricev	easymm7	1	Developer
egoricev	easymessaging	1	Developer
andrewbalan	easymessaging	1	
sanky_the_wiz	easymbean	1	Developer
rkalra	easymbean	1	
orhanalkan	easyldap	1	Project Manager
ayhan	easyldap	1	Analysis / Design
rpratt23	easylayouts	1	
cdodd	easylayouts	1	Developer
sohlman	easylayout	1	
thomasabeel	easyjson	1	
joegtp	easyio	1	Developer
khaga	easyfreedb	1	
arisun	easyexcelreport	1	
primer	easyeclipse	0	Developer
pombredanne	easyeclipse	1	Project Manager
plapointe	easyeclipse	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mollinie	easyeclipse	0	Tester
mjherzog	easyeclipse	1	Developer
mayworm	easyeclipse	0	Developer
longbeach	easyeclipse	0	Tester
gmega	easyeclipse	0	
fducros	easyeclipse	0	Tester
farialima	easyeclipse	1	Project Manager
ecsmith62	easyeclipse	0	Tester
bmuskalla	easyeclipse	0	Developer
blackbsd	easyeclipse	0	Developer
bangzilla	easyeclipse	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tmajor	easydock	1	
ramo102	easydbus	0	Developer
puria	easydbus	0	Developer
geaaru	easydbus	1	
nnombela	easyconf	0	Developer
kortatu	easyconf	0	Developer
jorgeferrer	easyconf	1	Developer
jferrergerminus	easyconf	1	Developer
j_bermejo	easyconf	0	Developer
ifolmedo	easyconf	0	
bwchan	easyconf	0	Developer
fafhrdius	easycomments	1	
idanii	easyasio	1	
easy-store	easy-framework	1	
skop	easy-connection	0	Web Designer
segfaulthunter	easy-connection	1	
rangalo	easy-connection	0	Developer
mvalenty	earnware-data	1	
martinvdberg	eareqpro	1	
gary-barnes	eareqpro	0	Developer
scamps	earcon-adf	1	
mjou	earcon-adf	0	Developer
albertbuyo	earcon-adf	0	Developer
eamelink	eambbparser	1	
phil_sj	eaitoolbox	1	
oscar_the_dog	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
btobin	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
tgilkison	eaasyst	0	Developer
saleems	eaasyst	1	Developer
rthirumala	eaasyst	0	Developer
pruan	eaasyst	0	Developer
pmendes	eaasyst	1	Project Manager
marissa_rabe	eaasyst	0	Developer
jchilton	eaasyst	1	
dhaake	eaasyst	1	Developer
bwaechter	eaasyst	0	
jyljyljyl	e4graph	1	
jpfletcher	e4graph	1	
hemkond	e4graph	0	Developer
djvanmaren	e4graph	1	
jlohn	e190	1	
gledson_ubuntu	e190	0	
augustinp	e-sqlcompare	1	Project Manager
sunbalan	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
stephan_ruehl	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
skoehler	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
richterger	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
revoglmaier	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
philipp_t	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
luelljoc	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
ludo167	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
leo_forge	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
jploski	e-p-i-c	1	Project Manager
jgangemi	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
batasari	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
bananeweizen	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
jey_code	e-mr	0	
graber23	e-mr	0	
darius3723	e-mr	0	
cmorasca	e-mr	1	All-Hands Person
cangsal	e-mr	1	
blapro	e-mr	0	No specific role
andmar87	e-mr	0	
sunbalan	e-helpdesk	0	Developer
bhuvan_s_2000	e-helpdesk	1	Project Manager
abumarsa	e-demon-online	1	
ndeloof	azote	1	
gorki	azote	0	
russwyte	axualize	1	Project Manager
mattnapier	axualize	0	No specific role
doogan551	axualize	0	No specific role
abates	axualize	0	Developer
victormote	axsl	1	Project Manager
svante	axpipe	1	
mikeoliveraz	axis4struts	1	
kevinbedell	axis4struts	1	Project Manager
dargra	axis4struts	0	Developer
simonswift	axemill	0	Developer
anthonyw	axemill	1	
jlianoglou	awusbxtra	1	
jwar	awjava	1	
aphofstede	awjava	1	
isokabal	awg-scheme-libs	1	
aphofstede	awdotnet	1	
dshejko	await	1	Project Manager
shaoziyang	avrub	1	
jhuntnz	avrml	1	Unix Admin
h3avyarms	avrcalc	1	
jondkent	avm	1	Developer
skapare	avlmap	1	
phillipsm	avis	1	
ozkrumpet	avis	0	Developer
ndorlencourt	avicaptcl	0	Developer
egrolleau	avicaptcl	1	Project Manager
zlosch	avango	1	Developer
tholti	avango	1	Project Manager
stefanconrad	avango	0	No specific role
riege	avango	0	Developer
mharin	avango	0	Developer
jsd01	avango	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jogo_sf	avango	1	Project Manager
gordonshumway	avango	0	No specific role
geri-sf	avango	0	Developer
blomk	avango	0	Developer
grellin	avalanchegdk	1	Project Manager
adamm	av3d	1	All-Hands Person
arufanov	auxutils	1	
gavinkendall	autoregexcheck	1	
peter_bengtsson	autotaglib	1	
nova77	autores	1	
zifnabbe	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
uoirej	autorealm	0	Developer
thraxsivae	autorealm	1	Developer
screwsoft	autorealm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pedersen	autorealm	1	Developer
oojah	autorealm	1	Developer
moonglum	autorealm	0	Developer
mizy	autorealm	0	Developer
messie	autorealm	0	Developer
kjdavies	autorealm	1	Developer
jfriant	autorealm	0	Developer
jdullea	autorealm	1	Developer
falerion	autorealm	1	Developer
cylentwolf	autorealm	0	Developer
conruyt	autorealm	1	Web Designer
banger-amiga	autorealm	0	Developer
axeslinger	autorealm	0	Developer
andygryc	autorealm	1	Developer
ilja_iwas	autograf	1	Project Manager
dirkpitt2050	autograf	1	
stanis	auth	0	Developer
mccain	auth	1	
paladinofkaos	auross	1	Project Manager
egervari	auroramvc	1	
jingweno	aurorasdk	1	
khurshid	aurigadoclet	1	
khurshid	aurigadoc	1	Project Manager
cyberelf	auit	1	
yenorom	augui	0	Developer
qbase	augui	1	Developer
flit	augui	1	
airy	augui	1	All-Hands Person
marayl	aug	1	Project Manager
jamwyd	aug	0	Developer
ken_vh	audioblocks	1	
jayj	audio-daemon	1	
joelrs	attrezzo	1	Project Manager
barbarars	attrezzo	1	All-Hands Person
pneyens	attachlayout	1	
armenio	atomicdate	1	Developer
jseigh	atomic-ptr-plus	1	
californiakidd	atomatrix	1	
tmpetsos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
stsolakos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
smarkou	atmelwlandriver	1	Project Manager
dstergiopoulos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
robertalmeida	atma	1	Developer
nicholasamorim	atma	1	Developer
andermarce	atma	1	Developer
alexgirao	atma	1	Project Manager
tw0f4c3s	athosframework	1	
mike2410	athenamp	1	
hatimk	atgeclipse	1	
skozyren	ataraxia	0	Developer
pagat	ataraxia	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nikolaymetchev	ataraxia	0	Developer
mikelupu	ataraxia	0	Developer
cseres	ataraxia	0	Developer
chanshuikay	ataraxia	0	Developer
bago75	ataraxia	1	Project Manager
corey_gorman	at-log-it	1	
antoine_935	aspyct	1	
spectre_ap	ascentscripts	1	Developer
krivoshey	asyncresolv	1	
afarouk	asyncaction	1	
olsner	async	1	
purplekarrot	async-db	1	
alsutton	asxmlp	1	
rpenner	asunit	0	Developer
lukebayes	asunit	1	Project Manager
i_tyrrell	asunit	0	Developer
alimills	asunit	1	Project Manager
jimp03	astyle	1	Project Manager
theodoreward	astrogrep	1	
j-pimp	astrogrep	1	Developer
jackslade	astrogrep	1	Developer
rolfik	astra92lib	1	
thomas-m	associations	1	
nineteen85	asptracker	1	
wodge	asptemplate	0	Developer
tanis	asptemplate	1	Project Manager
stijn	asptemplate	0	Developer
sibambang	asptemplate	0	Developer
mrtwice	asptemplate	0	Developer
feldt	aspectr	1	
avibryant	aspectr	1	Developer
sheltim	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
mkarasek	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
guyblade	aspectr-fork	1	Developer
ulsa	aspectme	1	
magrob	aspectme	1	
aspectdynamics	aspectdynamics	1	
hseeberger	aspectbrains	1	
unimatrix	aspect-perl	1	Developer
acme	aspect-perl	1	Developer
murch	aspdf	1	
aspamia	aspamia	1	Project Manager
adibaron	aspamia	1	Developer
lverre	asmversions4vs	1	
rabidrecluse	asmtimer	1	
rabidrecluse	asmlibx	1	
rabidrecluse	asmlib	1	
rabidrecluse	asmdis	1	
x-laes	asmcrew	1	Developer
trem	asmcrew	1	
robost86	asmcrew	1	Developer
robertostling	asmcrew	1	
lukas2000	asmcrew	1	
kintaro_2001	asmcrew	1	
instinc	asmcrew	1	
amd	asmcrew	0	
markusjohansson	asmbuilder	1	
nonsence_kyle	asma	1	
daveho	asm48	1	
bryceschroeder	asm48	0	Developer
visitor	asm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
nickols_k	asm	0	Developer
konst	asm	1	All-Hands Person
amsler	aslib2	1	Project Manager
chris_kohlhoff	asio	1	
todor_todorov	asido	0	Developer
mrasnika	asido	1	Project Manager
ashapochka	ashwood	1	
thmarx	ashpool	0	Developer
rohanr2	ashpool	1	
esuez	ashkelon	1	Project Manager
electricbob	ashkelon	0	Developer
beders	ashkelon	0	Developer
bangroot	ashkay	1	
net_mask	asgard	1	
mega_m	asgard-pm	1	
intervent	aselib	1	
twodogssoftware	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
pschreib	aseclipseplugin	1	Project Manager
negttid	aseclipseplugin	0	
mb0	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
marvotron	aseclipseplugin	1	All-Hands Person
enchos	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
dobesv	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
carlos_rovira	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
bbeaulant	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
asclabs	ascphysics	1	
zhangjianao	ascol	1	
merdmann	ascl	1	All-Hands Person
jrcarter	ascl	1	Distributor/Promoter
aidan_skinner	ascl	1	Project Manager
pupeno	asaplate	1	
xgcssch	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Developer
michaelkuhn	asap-ws-dotnet	1	Project Manager
chronolab	asal	0	
benmoez	asal	0	Developer
auselen	asal	1	
blanchg	as4j	1	
ttyco	as2lib	0	Doc Writer
simonwacker	as2lib	1	Developer
ripcurlx	as2lib	0	Developer
mastakaneda	as2lib	1	Project Manager
jayaprakash_a	as2lib	0	Developer
isadovskiy	as2lib	0	Developer
cherreman	as2lib	0	Developer
ai024	as2lib	0	Developer
artcava	artcavahtml	1	
tokikenshi	arylon	1	Developer
pauljohn32	artstkmkt	1	
badegruber	artstkmkt	0	
suso	arts	0	Developer
mjc	arts	0	Developer
cdent	arts	1	All-Hands Person
kiaksar	artregistry	1	
smeyfroi	artoflife	1	
panagiotiss	artifax	0	Developer
eliasbalasis	artifax	1	All-Hands Person
bdevoe	artemisvote	1	Project Manager
derekberube	arsperfmgmt	1	
derekberube	arsclientje	1	
jayhawker	ars4sdlnft	1	
timtennant	arroyo	1	
sgregory	arroyo	0	Developer
pjread	arroyo	0	Developer
lardybiffa	arroyo	0	Developer
arran4	arran4	1	
idra	arpix	1	Developer
hongli	arpix	1	Project Manager
shayneflint	armidale	1	Project Manager
piso	armedbear-j	1	
pfdietz	armedbear-j	0	Tester
dmcnaught	armedbear-j	0	Developer
asimon	armedbear-j	0	Developer
wired_gr	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
koukos	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
darksun4	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
alfa	arm0nia	1	Developer
gaurav_v_bagga	arjava	1	
kenshiro55	aries	1	
tsmango	argus-tracker	1	
sheitmann	argtable	1	
colding	argopt	1	
theworld40	arghelper	1	
alexsaintcroix	arete	1	
harmacy	arenalauncher	1	
shef1408	aredfwk	1	
likoski	arcon	1	Project Manager
tcouery	archivebuilder	1	Developer
lapeyre_om	archivebuilder	1	
ddard	archivebuilder	1	Developer
raven-arch	archangelinc	1	Project Manager
wonarheim	arch4j	0	Developer
vibhu_s	arch4j	1	Developer
subbur	arch4j	1	Developer
rgreinke	arch4j	1	Developer
refux	arch4j	1	Developer
mwaltz	arch4j	0	Developer
mvastrad	arch4j	1	
greasydaemon	arch4j	1	Developer
dcolwell	arch4j	1	Developer
brownr	arch4j	0	Developer
alwick	arch4j	1	Developer
jcreem	arborvitae	1	
lastcraft	arbiter	1	Project Manager
boboegr	aratora	1	
aragonx	aragon	1	
mytuxmaster	arag	1	
turingtest	arachnid	1	
pwalford	arabica	0	
kandrew	arabica	0	
jez_higgins	arabica	1	
craigp98072	arabica	0	Developer
complement	arabica	0	
persquare	aquaterm	1	Developer
hbabcock	aquaterm	0	Developer
amado-alves	aquaterm	0	
sidney1310	aquamacs	0	Developer
fatius	aquamacs	0	Web Designer
davidswelt	aquamacs	1	
champo	aquamacs	0	Developer
jsekora	aqtools	1	
cscortes	apyuddi	1	
mgenti	apy	1	
d_ewing	apy	1	All-Hands Person
nosfe2k	aptesting	1	Project Manager
mistik	aptesting	1	Project Manager
evanz_d	apricot	1	
tetsujin	appv	1	
vivek_spike	appupdatewiz	1	
hhas	appscript	1	
cliftonm	applautolayer	1	Project Manager
aaldeveloper1	applautolayer	0	Developer
wacca	applauncher	1	
zmhu	appfw	1	
alan_conroy	appfoundation	1	
ccdrbrg	appdc	1	
sfohey	appconf	1	
pady	appcheck	1	
palminator	apollomigration	1	
moriq	apollo3	1	Developer
karabuk	aplepy	1	
burakg	apl	1	
soertsz	aphis	1	
sfjro	aperf	1	
brentoboy	ape-syntax	1	
mbadolato	apdevteam	1	No specific role
nate-888	apdb	1	
mazen_neifer	apashtm	0	Developer
jpss	apashtm	1	
ghost509	apad	1	
apacilinux	apacilinux	1	
sungo	apache-htaccess	1	
comdog	apache-htaccess	1	
drclaus	aopython	1	
nur	aopi	1	
apopovic	aopi	1	
alruiz15	aop-attr-cache	1	
joni	anytoany	1	
mirou	anyedit4idea	1	
tdhdeep	anyedit	1	Project Manager
moonshyne	anyedit	1	Project Manager
dawoun	anyedit	0	Developer
boca4711	anyedit	0	Developer
soap2corba	anyconfig	1	
bastiaan	anyconfig	1	Developer
vlc	antzwarz	1	
qniol	antzwarz	1	Developer
kuerant	antzero	1	
behroozi	anthillbm	1	
iyd	antaddons	1	
samesshu	ansi-st-tests	1	Project Manager
sames	ansi-st-tests	1	
ralphjohnson	ansi-st-tests	1	
odelljl	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
jpelrine	ansi-st-tests	1	All-Hands Person
jbacanskas	ansi-st-tests	1	
dmacq	ansi-st-tests	1	
djm	ansi-st-tests	0	
tommy-xu	annote4ehcache	1	
n_oostendorp	annocpan	1	
itubert	annocpan	1	
hrgdavor	anno-params	1	
syn-apse	annie	0	Developer
opx	annie	0	Developer
hjmjohnson	annie	0	Developer
asimshankar	annie	1	
zzrough	anjuta	0	Developer
sgranjoux	anjuta	0	Developer
kh_naba	anjuta	1	
clubfan	anjuta	1	Developer
ancelot	anjuta	0	Developer
albertoparo	anjuta	0	Developer
bghose	anjuta-extras	1	
projettwk	animsrenaming	1	Unix Admin
cinemania	animsrenaming	0	Developer
animefrance	animsrenaming	0	Developer
johnb003	animadead	1	Developer
tirix	anim8orloader	1	
vasilevs	ani3d	0	Developer
lipnikov	ani3d	1	
vasilevs	ani2d	1	Developer
lipnikov	ani2d	1	Developer
tirsen	angkor	1	
lecando	angkor	1	
iunknown01	andlu	1	
yhu88	amyyang	1	Project Manager
khutchings	amyyang	1	
fincher	amyyang	1	
joniyoon	amylase	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	amylase	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	amylase	1	Developer
ideabrooder	amylase	1	Developer
dbpad	amylase	1	Developer
sniperbeamer	amxmodx	0	Project Manager
sidluke	amxmodx	0	Developer
pmonoto	amxmodx	0	Developer
jghg	amxmodx	0	Developer
basic-master	amxmodx	0	Developer
bailopan	amxmodx	1	Project Manager
karolhot	amxmodx-rain	1	All-Hands Person
sliver33	amorph	1	Developer
hanzz	amorph	1	
giri23	amorph	1	Developer
meidusa	amoeba	1	
gmweinberg	amint	1	
ulrikp	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
karimbouzoubaa	amine-platform	0	Developer
adil_kabbaj	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
yomgui	amigtk	1	
bruyere	amigtk	1	
damato	amigaide	1	Project Manager
spotup	amiflinker	1	Graphic/Other Designer
marcus_c	amiflinker	1	
eric-z	amiclargs	1	
projectameba	ameba	1	
rahul_darshan3d	amdctm	1	Developer
pbhaniramka	amdctm	1	
kshitij_sv	amdctm	1	Developer
muske_work	amconnections	1	
instance	ambitcomponents	1	
job	ambientjava	1	
zhangyu010	amberarcher	0	Developer
kdowney	amberarcher	0	
darksied9	amberarcher	1	Project Manager
lsiebert	amb	1	
vbelani	amazinghms	1	
takezoe	amateras	1	
shida-t	amateras	0	
qiqian	amateras	0	Developer
ogawahideko	amateras	0	Developer
mhasegawa	amateras	0	Developer
kimumasa	amateras	0	Developer
gilflores	amateras	0	Developer
tthiraku	amakihi	0	Developer
omok	amakihi	0	Developer
mikebd	amakihi	0	Developer
louisaricher	amakihi	1	Developer
bcholmes	amakihi	1	Developer
seanshaffer69	allportableapps	1	
nickyqu	ale	1	
slanning	alzabo	0	Developer
autarch	alzabo	1	All-Hands Person
shmert	alyoop	1	
trsenna	alunoapp	1	
vr-anders	alpp	1	Developer
tomashamala	alpp	1	
loic	alpp	0	Developer
deepone	alpp	1	Developer
colino	alperl	1	
mikelevins	alpaca	1	Developer
palhoto	aloma	1	
rogerflores	alo	1	
vuthi	almsuite	1	Project Manager
simonbirkett	almsuite	1	Project Manager
callmeott	almsuite	1	Project Manager
alecclews	almsuite	1	Project Manager
fprog	allocator	1	
bumble	allocator	1	Project Manager
vstepanov78	alllib	1	
nas2156	alliances	0	All-Hands Person
mroux06	alliances	0	All-Hands Person
helver	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
brrobid	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
stefanietheis	allianceless	0	Web Designer
smi13y	allianceless	0	Developer
sleepyhead87	allianceless	1	
hexmasta	allianceless	0	Developer
alexduerloo	allianceless	0	Web Designer
jvff	allegrt	1	
korval2	allegropro	1	
trebl	allegrogl	0	Developer
mmimica	allegrogl	1	Developer
lillo	allegrogl	0	Developer
joe_programmer	allegrogl	1	Developer
gfoot	allegrogl	1	Developer
elias	allegrogl	1	Developer
cyberbobb	allegrogl	0	Developer
bcoconni	allegrogl	1	Developer
niunio	allegro-pas	1	
acid_head	allegimmicks	1	
xaviergonz	alleg	0	Developer
trentg	alleg	0	Developer
torhu	alleg	0	Developer
tjaden	alleg	1	Developer
svens	alleg	0	Developer
strangemoose	alleg	0	Developer
src	alleg	0	Developer
setup	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
peterhull90	alleg	0	Developer
nanorod	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
mmimica	alleg	0	Developer
mattsmith	alleg	0	Developer
lillo	alleg	0	Developer
konforce	alleg	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kazzmir	alleg	0	Developer
juvinious	alleg	0	Developer
joe_programmer	alleg	0	Developer
jhe	alleg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
icruz	alleg	0	Developer
hstokset	alleg	0	Developer
gradha	alleg	1	Web Designer
goalie_ca	alleg	0	Developer
gfoot	alleg	0	Developer
ferrisr	alleg	0	
elias	alleg	1	Developer
eglebbk	alleg	1	Developer
ebotcazou	alleg	0	Developer
dschlyder	alleg	0	Developer
colin_ward	alleg	0	Developer
chriskcat	alleg	0	Developer
bukinm	alleg	0	Developer
wounded	alink2	0	Developer
saquirr	alink2	0	
knusty	alink2	1	Project Manager
tubinson	alibrowse	1	
x3r0r	alibc	1	
rogerflores	ali	1	
rhee	algoview	1	
retzki	algosatfreenode	1	
iolotusbobo	algosatfreenode	1	Project Manager
chol	algosatfreenode	0	
fcojrodriguez	alfrescon	1	
avjewe	alexautils	1	
tdesposito	alescere-engine	1	
pmariusz	alde	1	Project Manager
gjmacd	alde	0	Developer
n3wtron	alabastra	1	Project Manager
marco84	alabastra	1	Project Manager
fontax	alabastra	0	Developer
boywowboy	alabastra	0	Developer
pepijnve	al4java	1	
azidhouse	al4java	0	Developer
rea725	akorn	0	Project Manager
inviscid	akorn	1	Project Manager
dbeck	akarmi	1	All-Hands Person
cr0w	akarmi	0	Developer
thpar	ajt	0	Developer
thomasabeel	ajt	1	
aschuma	ajstruts	1	
eboudrant	ajprofiler	1	Project Manager
ulreib	ajhsqldb	1	Developer
mstoerzer	ajhsqldb	1	
mlippert	ajeer	1	
hseeberger	ajeer	0	Developer
hbomboes	ajaxstream	1	
diego_zanga	ajaxrad	1	
niewolski	ajaxgrid	1	
ajaxforms	ajaxforms	1	
robertall	ajaxcms	1	
stuart_fraser	ajax4one	1	Project Manager
vamp201	ajax	1	
ilits	ajax	0	Developer
gevely	ajax	0	Developer
b0z0mind	ajax	0	Developer
gustavo_amigo	ajax-pages	1	
zmyliyu	ajax-dev-lib	1	Project Manager
yuxiaoxu	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
xutao2811	ajax-dev-lib	0	
venson	ajax-dev-lib	0	
testdll	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
snail0066	ajax-dev-lib	0	
joyistar	ajax-dev-lib	1	
hbycchenxiao	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
hanbingxie	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
gaoligaoli	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
catherine_sf	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
ajaxcn	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
mwerla	aisoccer	1	Project Manager
momat	aisoccer	1	Developer
palmalex	aisearch	1	
medshah	aipl	1	
nonchocoboy	ailoom	0	Developer
browner10	ailoom	1	Project Manager
dlewin	aiexp	1	
yildirim	ai-standards	0	
yapar	ai-standards	0	
vag_liv	ai-standards	0	
tellarin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
syrusm	ai-standards	0	Developer
slowlearner	ai-standards	0	Developer
sjabth	ai-standards	0	
samcalis	ai-standards	0	Developer
prieditis	ai-standards	0	Developer
philgoetz	ai-standards	0	Developer
pbdebyl	ai-standards	0	Developer
owlboy	ai-standards	0	
noelstephens	ai-standards	0	Developer
neonai	ai-standards	0	Developer
ncombs	ai-standards	0	Developer
nareyek	ai-standards	1	Project Manager
mnagaku	ai-standards	0	
meshula	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
mchady	ai-standards	0	Developer
matbuckland	ai-standards	0	Developer
martypoulin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
linn	ai-standards	0	Developer
lglover04	ai-standards	0	Developer
kudenko	ai-standards	0	Developer
kolenskim	ai-standards	0	
justinhj	ai-standards	0	
jorkin	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
john-reynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
john_langford	ai-standards	0	Developer
jjmorrison	ai-standards	0	Developer
jjkelly	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jhancock93	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
jdellaro	ai-standards	0	No specific role
jakovo	ai-standards	0	
hugo_ai	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
hmunoz	ai-standards	0	Developer
gpaull	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
funge	ai-standards	0	Developer
fcs2001	ai-standards	0	Developer
fb-la-i	ai-standards	0	
eldon1660	ai-standards	0	Developer
ejcoumans	ai-standards	0	Developer
ebeeker	ai-standards	0	Developer
dustsettles	ai-standards	0	
dsuttles	ai-standards	0	Developer
drainboy	ai-standards	0	Developer
dposton	ai-standards	0	Developer
dekosser	ai-standards	0	Developer
cwreynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
codemonkey_uk	ai-standards	0	Developer
clinares	ai-standards	0	Developer
brian_schwab	ai-standards	0	Developer
bmagerko	ai-standards	0	
bknafla	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bimblewooooo	ai-standards	0	Developer
bgeisler	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
barbalet	ai-standards	0	Developer
axelrod	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
axelbuendia	ai-standards	0	Developer
athomasgoldberg	ai-standards	0	Developer
arnokamphuis	ai-standards	0	Developer
alexjc	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
ai_giovanni_ia	ai-standards	0	
abdennour	ai-standards	0	Developer
soundx	ahf	1	
designmuse	agileworkbench	1	
kawesa	agilegear	1	All-Hands Person
daviddeharbe	agraphs	1	
zones	agnes	1	
pmosimann	agnes	1	Project Manager
grnmn	agkit	1	
chockenberry	agkit	1	
paulrene	agilis	1	
arntr	agilis	0	
x10gimli	agiletrack	1	
finsss	agfupx	1	
venturimi	agentejade	1	
yildiray	agentacademy	0	Developer
vivia	agentacademy	0	Developer
siyamed	agentacademy	1	Developer
rmatech	agentacademy	1	Developer
kyrcha	agentacademy	0	Tester
ionathan	agentacademy	0	Developer
felix007	agentacademy	1	Developer
evgobal	agentacademy	0	Tester
evariste_galois	agentacademy	1	Developer
dtektonidis	agentacademy	0	Tester
diok	agentacademy	1	Developer
asymeon	agentacademy	1	Developer
agent009	agentacademy	0	Tester
fcristini	agelib	1	
toons_osgi	age-osgi	1	
t-seino	agda	1	Developer
p1738j	agda	1	
n-kato	agda	1	
miyahara-n	agda	0	Web Designer
mbenke	agda	1	Developer
ikegamidaisuke	agda	1	Developer
ccoquand	agda	1	Developer
nhoizey	afupdevphp	1	
armel	afupdevphp	0	Developer
hsprabhu	afterthought	0	Developer
beders	afterthought	1	Project Manager
wkeese	aft	0	Developer
wanderingwalrus	aft	0	
ovidiu	aft	1	
jeff_turner	aft	1	
ivelin	aft	0	
afsoft	afphpclasslib	1	
m0rt	afkcfg	0	Developer
axelchen	afkcfg	1	
ownthebox	affinityos	1	Project Manager
paul_afcommerce	afcommerce	1	Developer
fsoft	afc	1	
agalimberti	afc	1	
red0x	aeslib	1	
aepryus	aeputil	1	
jeffcamozzi	aep	1	
ndavies	aeongdk	1	Project Manager
joe_programmer	aeongdk	0	Developer
dosbert	aeongdk	1	Developer
colsystems	aeongdk	0	Developer
ciphersoftware	aeongdk	1	Developer
wfranzini	aegis	0	Developer
pmiller	aegis	1	
marko_schuetz	aegis	0	Developer
ward99	aeclients	1	Project Manager
fedbi	adobeflashcs3pr	1	
chcha	advpy	1	
paninaro	advas	1	
timhill	advancedvbrefs	1	
mbass	adurant	1	Developer
yabba	adtools	1	Developer
verhaegs	adtools	0	Developer
theantony	adtools	1	Developer
tfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
offa	adtools	0	Developer
obarthel	adtools	1	Developer
nicomen	adtools	0	Developer
michalsc	adtools	0	Developer
marcus_c	adtools	0	Developer
hfrieden	adtools	1	Developer
gnikl	adtools	0	Developer
gilfanon	adtools	0	Developer
fta	adtools	0	Doc Writer
damato	adtools	1	Project Manager
roundthecorner	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
nmarkgraf	adtalgorlibrary	0	
gldneagl	adtalgorlibrary	1	Project Manager
swildermuth	adonetpack	1	
kf7xm	adodbapi	1	Project Manager
ekelund	adodbapi	1	Project Manager
blogger	adodbapi	0	Developer
wshin	admiral	1	Project Manager
moonfann	adkp	1	Developer
breadcrust	adjustimg	1	
apiou	adgali	1	Project Manager
joegriffin	addanc	1	Project Manager
dougfort	addanc	1	All-Hands Person
cminyard	adasl	1	
netstat	adaptivebus	1	
nahaj	adaprojet	1	Project Manager
file13	adaprojet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tsetem	adaparse	1	
knuthp	ada2gxl	1	
zmower	ada-gerbil	1	
tequilaslammer	activexmlr	1	
theglasswalker	actualizer	1	
acti_solutions	activscm	1	
nrushforth	activexp	1	Project Manager
garyz	activexp	1	
floydprice	activexp	1	Project Manager
akhe	activex	1	Project Manager
waltersenekal	activelock	0	Project Manager
tkuchel	activelock	0	Developer
ialkan	activelock	1	Project Manager
farcasclaudiu	activelock	0	Developer
dwains102	activelock	0	Developer
davidweatherall	activelock	0	Developer
ajcompany	activelock	0	
wmschott	activegrid	0	
stoens	activegrid	0	Developer
psmehta	activegrid	0	Tester
mattmcnulty	activegrid	0	Developer
jdhare	activegrid	0	Developer
geremycohen	activegrid	1	Support Manager
bethf	activegrid	0	Content Management
activegrid	activegrid	1	All-Hands Person
activebpel	activebpel	1	
nphelps	active-jms	1	Developer
ptoman	actionframework	1	
t_chevalier	actionfactory	1	Project Manager
p_lafraise	actionfactory	1	Developer
angelcode	actb	1	
gartland	acsf	1	
ezequieljadib	acs-nh	1	Developer
a_sauerhoefer	acrypt	1	
acmx	acmx	1	Developer
dchang_ca	acmgr	1	Developer
ashishg55	acmgr	1	
markusplangg	acmdoc	1	Developer
marcmenghin	acmdoc	1	Project Manager
aenarionita	ackronic	1	
jaschau	acid3lib	1	Project Manager
ebf	acid	1	Project Manager
abrager	acid	0	Developer
yljia	acfproj	1	
djeeg	aceginet	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ksevindik	acegi-ext	1	
alexagr	ace-radius	1	
rblaze	ace-freebsd	1	All-Hands Person
theplanet	accountguard	1	Developer
pthaz	accessroad	1	
nwinkler	accessmodifier	1	Project Manager
tony_ambr	accesslib	1	
yinming528	acassist	1	
superbible_cs	acai	0	
bitiboy	acai	1	
agilejava	acai	0	
gborrelli2006	abyssstudio	1	
witzeldev	abxlib	1	
neuralx	abxlib	1	Project Manager
cpp_programmer	abxlib	0	Developer
lennartgr	abstractdb	1	
ctzurcanu	abstractdb-php	1	
justinrudd	abstractadonet	1	
zuchman	absolutex	0	
zigfried	absolutex	1	
rotem	absolutex	0	
oranb	absolutex	0	
lipatov	absolutex	0	
krasner	absolutex	0	
guyb	absolutex	0	
avinoam	absolutex	0	
avicalev	absolutex	1	
brunow	abr	1	
michelg	abkit	1	
flexer	abele	1	
pradox	abcwebclient	1	Developer
thistledowne	abcp	1	
rdentato	abcp	1	Developer
paulrosen	abcp	0	
jnfleisc	abat	1	
codeshark	abaguibuilder	1	Project Manager
abaguidev1	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
tobiaseberle	aba	1	Developer
agathos	aba	1	Project Manager
psoleni	aamon	1	Developer
mantask	aamon	1	
macbishop	aaio	1	
mlipp	aac-xforms	1	Project Manager
rwwallace	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
mothyjules	aaa4avalon	0	Developer
lmccay	aaa4avalon	1	Developer
tom42	a78tools	1	
kencochrane	a4j	1	
niunio	a3dge	1	
a3dge_mac	a3dge	0	Doc Writer
pvginkel	system-xmldata	1	
brunocarle	sywico	1	
mpasini	systux	0	Developer
mokhtari_fares	systux	1	
armel	systux	0	Developer
ribizli	systray	1	
daveselinger	systray	1	Developer
jayrfink	systhread	1	
gleicon	systhread	0	All-Hands Person
thadine	systemtools	0	All-Hands Person
matsys	systemtools	1	All-Hands Person
bplusplus	systemtools	0	All-Hands Person
gjenks	syndiff	1	
wenzelc1980	syspect	0	Developer
redhots	syspect	0	Developer
randomxx	syspect	0	Developer
peshk	syspect	0	Developer
oclanis	syspect	1	Developer
nikijdq	syspect	1	Developer
n_hapke	syspect	0	Developer
mcmoe	syspect	0	Developer
konsens	syspect	0	Developer
j_arnold	syspect	0	Developer
honksbot	syspect	0	Developer
guen	syspect	0	Developer
daoloth	syspect	0	Developer
ansch	syspect	0	Developer
thul	syscriptor	1	Developer
syscriptor	syscriptor	1	Project Manager
stigmux	syscriptor	0	Developer
knikon	syscriptor	1	Developer
syracus2	syracus-stripes	1	Developer
syracus2	syracus-spring	1	
mguenter	synonymeditor	1	Project Manager
krebu	synonymeditor	1	
gallm	synonymeditor	1	Project Manager
tcaduto	synedit	0	
svanas	synedit	0	
springob	synedit	0	
smaughan	synedit	0	
skyweb	synedit	0	
sblbg	synedit	0	
satya	synedit	0	
plpolak	synedit	0	Developer
pazata	synedit	0	Developer
miracle2k	synedit	0	
maysjw	synedit	0	Developer
marms	synedit	0	Developer
markonjezic	synedit	0	
maelh	synedit	0	Developer
kirys	synedit	0	Developer
jrx	synedit	0	Developer
jonfoster	synedit	0	
jjans	synedit	0	Developer
jimrich	synedit	0	
hdlim	synedit	0	
harmeister	synedit	1	Project Manager
gabr	synedit	0	
etrusco	synedit	1	All-Hands Person
drbrno	synedit	0	Developer
dparnell	synedit	0	
dhm	synedit	0	
danysz	synedit	0	Developer
c_schmitz	synedit	0	Developer
claplace	synedit	0	
andycolson	synedit	0	
medb	synd	1	
yelei	syncdet	0	Developer
wwh	syncdet	1	
bouncyj	sync-j	1	Project Manager
gval	symtree	1	
rbhootra	symphonycode	0	Developer
lonebuzzard	symphonycode	0	Developer
imaginetech	symphonycode	1	
pliersn	symfony-vietnam	1	
bircoph	symbol-lookup	1	
jhidalgo3	syfone	1	Project Manager
evapgiron	syfone	0	Developer
escoem	syfone	1	Project Manager
spaceshaker	sydney	0	
ispeters	sydney	1	
sybr	sybr	1	
adr2	sybaseclx	1	
dmaster97	sxrowset	1	
assen	sxp	1	
chap	sxmmil	1	
mhas	sxlib	1	
vraravam	swtunit	1	
softwarewizard	swttocom	1	
chrriis	swtswing	1	Project Manager
zorak	swtset	1	
ivan_markov	swtfox	1	
abadjiev	swtfox	0	Developer
sebthom	swt-datepicker	0	Developer
andyglow	swt-datepicker	1	
defiant_penguin	swrapper	1	
delkos	swl	1	Developer
dapissarenko	swixml-viewer	1	
loddel	switch	1	
joachimweiss	switch	1	Developer
expaler	swiss-gd-knife	1	
asclabs	swint	1	
seanf2061	swingwt	0	Developer
scytacki	swingwt	0	Developer
nikgu	swingwt	0	
laurentmartelli	swingwt	0	Developer
dgreen99	swingwt	0	Developer
dannaab	swingwt	0	Developer
cjcole	swingwt	0	Developer
bobintetley	swingwt	1	Developer
thlee	swingweb	1	
bluedevil2k	swingplus	1	
ttolle	swingml	0	Developer
tfite	swingml	0	Developer
rerice	swingml	0	Developer
pluellen	swingml	0	Developer
ghester25	swingml	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fadishami	swingml	0	
ecuellar	swingml	0	Project Manager
dpitt	swingml	1	Project Manager
cosmo-maverick	swingml	0	Developer
bmongar	swingml	0	Developer
afotos	swingml	0	Developer
adidas28	swingml	0	Developer
abengoam	swinggestures	1	
deivsonrayner	swingcontroller	1	
wpausch	swifu	1	
skoptelov	swiftprojects	1	
waaghman	swift-engine	1	
stephanwiesner	swiesnerxmlgui	1	
neallester	swete	1	
ronnqvist	swep	0	Developer
k-fish	swep	1	Project Manager
sstanchfield	sweet-swt	0	
joewinchester	sweet-swt	0	Developer
janmagpet	sweet-swt	0	Developer
dvorme	sweet-swt	1	
mwestergaard	sweepchecker	0	Developer
mailund	sweepchecker	1	Project Manager
larsmkris	sweepchecker	0	Developer
phocker	swcalendar	1	
dyadix	swbackyard	1	
zhuangyy	swat	1	
guw	swat	0	Developer
russwyte	swang	1	Project Manager
mattnapier	swang	0	Developer
gopinath	swang	0	Developer
doogan551	swang	0	Developer
andrewbates	swang	0	Developer
mbrennan	swan	1	
kasatani	svt	1	
tronics	svprog	1	Developer
quenee_j	svprog	1	Developer
lecornet_o	svprog	1	Developer
cblin	svprog	1	
whales2134	svnreports	1	
da_loki	svneditor	1	
dlemmermann	svgplugin	1	
sjthomas	svgmodeller	1	
ajjahagirdar	svgaengine	1	
smplbird	svf	1	
scape93	svf	0	Developer
mondaykadiri	svf	1	
tomothy	svendev	1	Project Manager
gmatrix	svendev	0	Developer
bhanu	sveccha	1	Developer
huxhorn	sulky	1	
hadi_muchtar	sux-soa	1	
sebunger	sut	1	Developer
gavink	sut	1	
alastair	sut	0	Developer
abcoates	sut	0	
zemartyr	surviving-bots	0	Developer
ummerfarookn	surviving-bots	0	Developer
salilmohanty	surviving-bots	0	Analysis / Design
drgrinch	surviving-bots	0	Developer
arvindgupta	surviving-bots	0	Developer
arunkw	surviving-bots	1	
phustad	surrogate	1	
wmitsuda	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
guich	superwaba-ide	1	Project Manager
edson_goncalez	superwaba-ide	0	Developer
wr0ngway	sunshade	1	
sunprofile	sunprofile	1	
sames	sunit	1	Developer
pwallimann	sunit	0	Developer
odelljl	sunit	1	Developer
jpelrine	sunit	1	Project Manager
odelljl	sunit-browser	1	
sungo	sungo	1	
varayacantuaria	sundowner	0	Developer
srojea	sundowner	0	Developer
matrix--	sundowner	1	Project Manager
anfern	sundowner	0	Developer
sboisson	sunbeam	1	
muonman	summerframework	1	
ysnakano	suma	1	
onioni	suma	1	
huyd	suit	1	
markstephens	sugarhouse	1	
jsulliva	subnetcreator	1	
vaugula	subethaclipse	1	
macason	subethaclipse	1	
bhumphreys	subethaclipse	1	
basti1302	startexplorer	1	Project Manager
hrothgarv	stciclosporttur	1	
laytonjb-sf	straceanalyzer	1	
pmode	styleassistant	1	All-Hands Person
mrdon	stxx	1	Project Manager
lenisha	stxx	0	Developer
jpennal	stxx	1	Project Manager
anandsaha	stupid-utils	1	
costap	stu	1	
iharbeck	strutter	1	Project Manager
mmarcom	strutsws	0	Developer
fzammetti	strutsws	1	Project Manager
thusted	strutstestcase	0	Developer
seanpritchard	strutstestcase	0	Developer
deryl	strutstestcase	1	
chrispix	strutstestcase	0	Developer
bspeakmon	strutstestcase	1	Developer
willkommers	struts4php	1	
wagner83104	struts4php	1	Project Manager
sasjadvolkd	struts4php	0	Developer
behounekc	struts4php	0	Developer
arcomat	struts4php	0	Developer
petitpasdelune	struts2eclipse	1	
woeye	struts	0	Developer
wellings	struts	0	Developer
weakestlink	struts	0	Developer
tm_jee	struts	1	Developer
thusted	struts	1	Project Manager
sraeburn	struts	1	Developer
shains	struts	0	Developer
pjaromin	struts	0	Developer
phasews	struts	0	Developer
paultsmith	struts	0	Developer
nheudecker	struts	0	Developer
mrdon	struts	1	Developer
mraible	struts	0	Developer
johnwalker00	struts	0	Developer
jmitchtx	struts	1	Developer
jmikus	struts	1	Developer
jholmes612	struts	1	Developer
jconradmn	struts	0	Developer
gunboat	struts	0	Developer
gruvers	struts	0	Tester
germuska	struts	1	Developer
fzammetti	struts	0	Developer
free2create	struts	1	Developer
franciscus	struts	0	Developer
ditling	struts	0	Developer
danilogurovich	struts	0	Developer
chr32	struts	0	Developer
bryanfe	struts	0	Developer
basebeans	struts	0	Developer
afogleson	struts	0	Developer
shirish_sakhare	struts-workflow	1	
jason_pratt	struts-workflow	1	Developer
valeriy_p	struts-jdo	1	All-Hands Person
ishabalov	struts-jdo	1	Project Manager
juvs	struts-gears	1	
ussherm	structuremap	0	Developer
jeremydmiller	structuremap	1	
jeffreypalermo	structuremap	1	Developer
flimflan	structuremap	1	Developer
derrickrapp	structuremap	1	Developer
cmyers	structuremap	1	Developer
goodger	structuredtext	1	Project Manager
tassiedevil	strsw	0	
mis232	strsw	1	
codecamel	strsw	0	
jatzex	strom	1	
acinom	stripes-barcode	1	
dugang	stripcc	1	
mave_	stringtree	0	Developer
harrypynn	stringtree	0	Developer
efficacy	stringtree	1	All-Hands Person
grnull	stringsearch	1	
jksk	stringmanip	1	Project Manager
mmckechney	stringformatter	1	
andyho	stringaligngrid	1	
volknix	strg-c	1	No specific role
netteruser	strg-c	1	Distributor/Promoter
homework	strg-c	0	Developer
darmot	strg-c	1	Developer
rsiera	streamid	1	
aradeski	streamgpu	1	
lakshmanok	streamdom	1	
znmeb	stp	0	Developer
staelin	stp	0	Developer
plars	stp	0	Developer
ogasawara	stp	0	
markwkm	stp	1	Developer
judith_osdl	stp	1	Developer
bullpen	stp	1	Project Manager
bryce	stp	1	Developer
shanth	storytime	0	Developer
psfblair	storytime	0	Developer
cycozen	storytime	1	
akunzle	storytime	1	All-Hands Person
mathiask	storyserver	1	
zdawg	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
lensborn	stormdotnet	1	Project Manager
jazir1979	storcarman	0	Support Technician
frenchmb	storcarman	1	
sdanil	stool	1	
stephanwiesner	stoffelloc	1	
dums	stlport	0	Developer
complement	stlport	1	Project Manager
bfomitch	stlport	0	Project Manager
andy_rushton	stlplus	1	Project Manager
cermakm1	stlib	1	
castek	stlib	0	Developer
stoneli	stickleback	1	Developer
mlauber	stickleback	1	Doc Writer
mattzandstra	stickleback	1	All-Hands Person
ferg2k	stickleback	1	
dandv	stickleback	1	Developer
stewienj	stewienmisc	1	
bastie	steuer	1	
plexus73	sternenfeuer	1	
joekrahn	stereogl	1	
flavio	stereogl	0	Developer
alan13	stepbystep	1	
paynter	stemmers	1	
eibe	stemmers	1	
mlotko	stefan	1	
cdaly	stef	1	
tj_willis	steelme	1	
jschultz410	stdutil	1	
kerion	stdnws	1	
rnagy2003	stdnoj	1	
w-molloy	stdnet	1	
lemur	stdnet	0	
bellursc	stdnet	0	
igarcerant	stdkit	1	
jinhao	stdex	1	
thomasd	stax	1	
mpocock	stax	0	
heuermh	stax	1	Developer
bterbush	statj	1	
parywu	statem	1	
warnes	statdistlib	1	
peternsteinmetz	statdistlib	1	Project Manager
jwarnes	statdistlib	0	
bentins	starteclipse	1	
yart	starpound	0	
wwang_m1	starpound	1	
vkozak	starpound	0	Developer
vipn	starpound	0	Developer
varkhipov	starpound	0	
sursul	starpound	0	Developer
slebedev	starpound	0	Developer
sbritok	starpound	0	Developer
rlyapin	starpound	0	Developer
rantipin	starpound	0	Developer
mblagov	starpound	0	Project Manager
gte619n	starpound	0	
garryant	starpound	0	Developer
galyamichev	starpound	0	Developer
evasilev	starpound	0	
dzygmont	starpound	1	Project Manager
bonniebradley	starpound	0	Requirements Engineering
bmoon_m1	starpound	0	
avahrush	starpound	0	Developer
aproland	starpound	0	Developer
anglerhood	starpound	0	Developer
ameshkov	starpound	1	Project Manager
alexart	starpound	0	All-Hands Person
adobrol	starpound	0	Developer
bcwhite	starlib	1	
kewliostar	stardustgcs	1	
pofider	starbugp	1	
jhrabal	starbugp	1	
rinzwind	staple	1	
jboy_id_au	staks	1	
sshu	stag	1	All-Hands Person
cmungall	stag	1	
taoxie	stabilizer	0	
amir	stabilizer	1	
idanso	sstorm	1	Project Manager
cminyard	ssthreads	1	Project Manager
tonyweston	ssresourcekit	1	
workerant	ssobjects	1	
maxcooper	sslext	0	Developer
ditling	sslext	1	
sergiofasilva	ssjavalib	1	
psharkey	sshtools	0	Developer
mcli	sshtools	0	Developer
hunoldinho	sshtools	1	Developer
chris_a_thomas	sshtools	1	
loonix	ssh4j	1	Developer
jskipper	ssh4j	0	Developer
bohoran	ssh4j	0	Developer
puhmann	sserpengine	1	
sifioezt	sse	1	Developer
jan_berndt	sse	1	
szocsi	sscl	0	
szilu	sscl	1	
neko-q	sscl	0	
hzol	sscl	0	
sadao	sscilib	1	
jgaracci	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
dknuese	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
bsturgen	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
srust	srust	1	
pmiller	srecord	1	
arcanum	srecord	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gaaseng	srcdoc	1	
krisw	srcaudit	1	
squider	squidysoft	1	
pacca	squeezelayout	1	Developer
dijitalmaniak	squeal	1	Developer
kevinlewis	squarespf	1	
millerjcr	sqr2java	1	
sqplus	sqplus	1	
mopey	sqplus	0	
lammeregire	sqplus	0	Developer
kkawachi	sqplus	1	Developer
jkleinecke	sqplus	0	
arst	sqplus	0	Developer
aeyr	sqplus	0	Developer
moatas	sqlviewer	1	
jgoering	sqlviewer	0	Developer
neuronaut	sqlsplitter	1	
shaan83	sqlrest	1	Project Manager
marco_h	sqlrest	1	Developer
bayert	sqlrest	1	
bobintetley	sqlrecordset	1	
steven_yelton	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
richier	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
hensleyl	sqlprocessor	1	Developer
dbday	sqlprocessor	1	
etienne_marais	sqlpersist	1	
olegoga	sqlom	1	
rafael_ibraim	sqlnet	1	
brianvanderburg	sqlitevfs	1	
tpruvot	sqlitemanager	0	Developer
freddy78	sqlitemanager	1	
subik	sqliteman	1	
tylix	sqlfpas	0	Developer
lewicki	sqlfpas	1	
colin_anderson	sqlfpas	0	Developer
mitch69	sqlfamily	1	Project Manager
mike_carney	sqlfamily	0	Developer
gregaryh	sqlfamily	0	Developer
jeffssmith1	sqlexecutor	1	
javamona	sqlexecutor	0	Tester
stathis	sqldata	1	Project Manager
pribali	sqldata	1	Project Manager
carlosklapp	sqlclrlib	1	
ytztech	sqlalphp	1	
pghosh	sql2objects	0	
paulbrinkley	sql2objects	1	Project Manager
pokorra	sql2diagram	1	
gerkek	sql2diagram	1	Unix Admin
mjanssen	sql-lv	0	Developer
dannyholstein	sql-lv	1	
aeyr	sqdev	1	
m4r1ol	space2	1	
xladage	spyse	0	Developer
scrappy_doo	spyse	0	Developer
michel	spyse	0	Developer
mgaruizenaar	spyse	0	Developer
jeroenmv	spyse	0	Developer
jdthood	spyse	1	Developer
drapmeyer	spyse	1	Project Manager
dana_virtual	spyse	0	Developer
bvdvecht	spyse	0	Developer
blackbird23	spyse	0	Developer
ineo	spyderontheweb	1	
anhood	spyderontheweb	1	Project Manager
wcaputo	spunit	1	
mphuget	spuds	1	Developer
bsimser	spswrappers	1	
basck	sprstr	1	
tobydonaldson	sprout	1	
tjuerge	springui	1	
watkid	springui-ext	1	
tjuerge	springui-ext	0	Developer
flibuste	springroll	1	Developer
dhalbrook	springroll	0	Developer
yazybones	springnet	0	
springboy	springnet	0	Developer
robharrop	springnet	0	
oakinger	springnet	0	
mdumic	springnet	0	Developer
markpollack	springnet	1	
lsusatyo	springnet	0	Developer
lahma	springnet	0	Developer
jstrachan	springnet	0	Developer
johnsonr	springnet	0	
jasongerard	springnet	0	Developer
idlsoft	springnet	0	
gcaprio	springnet	0	Developer
fspinazzi	springnet	0	Developer
chrisdrop	springnet	0	Developer
choyrim	springnet	0	
bbaia	springnet	0	Developer
aseovic	springnet	1	Developer
ajevic	springnet	0	Developer
wxlund	springframework	0	
wgthom	springframework	0	Developer
ulsa	springframework	0	Developer
trisberg	springframework	0	Developer
trevormarshall	springframework	1	
tjuerge	springframework	0	Developer
springboy	springframework	0	
slenderslacks	springframework	0	Developer
scott_andrews	springframework	0	
sbrannen	springframework	0	Developer
robokaso	springframework	0	
robharrop	springframework	1	Developer
ramnivas	springframework	0	Developer
poutsma	springframework	0	Developer
portiatung	springframework	0	Developer
ohutchison	springframework	0	
nebhale	springframework	0	Developer
mpetrashev	springframework	0	Developer
marthursson	springframework	0	Developer
markpollack	springframework	0	Developer
mark-fisher	springframework	0	Developer
macsuibhne	springframework	0	
luke_t	springframework	0	Developer
lucasward	springframework	0	Developer
klr8	springframework	0	Developer
kktec	springframework	0	Developer
kdonald	springframework	0	Developer
jstrachan	springframework	0	Developer
johnsonr	springframework	1	Developer
johnalewis	springframework	0	Developer
jhoeller	springframework	1	Developer
jeremyg484	springframework	0	Developer
jconstantine	springframework	0	Developer
janm399	springframework	0	Developer
dupuisc	springframework	0	Developer
dsyer	springframework	0	Developer
dkopylenko	springframework	0	Developer
devijvers	springframework	0	Developer
davison	springframework	0	Developer
costin_leau	springframework	0	Developer
colins	springframework	1	Developer
cbeams	springframework	0	Developer
bramsmeets	springframework	0	Developer
benalex	springframework	0	Developer
beanie42	springframework	0	Developer
azhurakousky	springframework	0	Developer
aseovic	springframework	0	Developer
andypiper	springframework	0	Developer
adrian-colyer	springframework	0	Developer
aarendsen	springframework	0	Developer
kazmif	springdomains	1	
scottdelap	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
peterdb	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
ohutchison	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
mportier	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
mathiasbr	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
lstreepy	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
ldoclo	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
kevinstembridge	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
kdonald	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
jhoskens	spring-rich-c	1	Developer
jdigger	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
ge0ffrey	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
benalex	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
anodos	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
iusr	spring-ns	1	Developer
pcoucke	spring-cache	1	
sammy_rulez	spreadobjects	1	
st80rules	sport	0	Developer
lcaniglia	sport	0	Developer
bbadger	sport	1	
davidsporn	sporniketcore	1	
xfire	spork	0	
skud	spork	1	
govirulz	spoony	1	
spypunk	splitfiles	1	Project Manager
spirit5	spiritdk	0	Developer
rogerio_martins	spiritdk	1	
aandrade4321	spiritdk	0	Developer
hugopalma	spindle	0	Developer
glongman	spindle	1	
infosci	spinapps	1	
wwxhero	spidermonkeycpp	1	
jivenetworks	sphps	1	Project Manager
oknotok	spheresuite	0	Web Designer
kyo_116	spheresuite	1	
g-ruener	spheakxml	1	Project Manager
snookerdoodle	spgmr08	0	Developer
scorcher	spgmr08	1	
orangytang	spgl	0	Developer
cix_foo	spgl	1	
indraneil	spellbound-java	1	
pylamhk	specacetao	0	Developer
pylam	specacetao	1	
tinaye	spc	0	Developer
kevin3stone	spc	1	
ken_ore	spartacusg	0	
jonkje	spartacusg	1	
keithrichards	sparqlviz	1	Project Manager
hannootje	sparqlviz	1	Developer
mistert_sparal	sparal	1	
rontana	spang	1	Developer
logicalgenetics	spang	1	Developer
jwskene	spang	1	Developer
lbeyeler	spaceopera	1	All-Hands Person
spacemojo	spacemojo	1	
xb70	spacecraft	0	Developer
simpliciter	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
nilspace	spacecraft	1	Project Manager
jayhawk_hokie	spacecraft	0	
cdhall	spacecraft	0	
m-khorsandi	solarcalendar	1	
lukasbanana	softpixelengine	1	
nilssen	sowin	1	
vilbara	sovt	1	
iezzip	sourdough	1	
ajpatter	sourceworf	1	
bailopan	sourcemod	1	
pmonoto	sourcemm	1	
damagedsoul	sourcemm	1	Developer
basic-master	sourcemm	0	Developer
bailopan	sourcemm	1	Developer
broecker	sourcemeter	1	
intmain	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
bernijantscher	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
jftuga	sourcefoyer	1	
leifg	sourcecodetools	1	
mdejong	sourcebase	1	Developer
biswapesh	sourcebase	1	
tanersener	source2source	1	
sintflut	source2html	1	
pevm	soup	1	Project Manager
fraguz	sose	1	
fragus	sose	0	Web Designer
franckp	sorttag	1	
mibarra82	sophy	1	
ceciliacedres	sophy	1	Project Manager
carlosgomez722	sophy	1	Project Manager
fbalzari	somload	1	
lpca	solsoft	1	
orasis	solinger	1	
natbudin	solidfuel	1	
tochy2010	solcalc	1	
vazz	solareclipse	0	Developer
l950637	solareclipse	1	Project Manager
akurtakov	solareclipse	0	Developer
theanaconda	sokuwort	1	
saunup	softsmithy	0	Web Designer
puce	softsmithy	1	Developer
fponchel	soft-wars	1	
fcarli	soft-wars	1	
aruyant	soft-wars	1	
yuk1	soft-inside	1	
winniethepooh	sofaa	0	Project Manager
majax99	sofaa	0	Developer
kevin3stone	sofaa	0	
jenneso	sofaa	0	Developer
bartthebart	sofaa	0	Developer
audran	sofaa	1	Developer
pinanti	sodaframework	1	
mbecker_kassel	sodaconfig	1	
gute	sodaconfig	0	Web Designer
muro	socurses	1	Project Manager
dougorleans	socrates-lang	1	
hstraub	sockstream	0	Developer
francisandre	sockstream	1	
negativeiq	socksipy	1	
danielosmari	socklibpp	1	
thoth39	socketstream	1	All-Hands Person
socialway_dev	socialway	0	Developer
socialway_admin	socialway	1	
mudnog2	socialway	1	
ben-agaric	socialway	1	Developer
zupapomidorowa	socialnetwork	0	Developer
xcage	socialnetwork	1	
rohitbrai	soas	1	
yongjiaw	soar	0	Developer
toolshed	soar	1	Project Manager
snason	soar	0	Developer
seattledoug	soar	1	Developer
rmarinie	soar	1	Developer
kcoulter	soar	1	Developer
darevay	soar	0	Developer
amnuxoll	soar	0	Developer
mrward	soaptrace	1	
miep	soapbar	1	
sursha	soapanywhere	0	Developer
nickduong	soapanywhere	0	Developer
jglanz	soapanywhere	1	
glowe	soapanywhere	0	Developer
cgamsu	soapanywhere	0	Developer
acruikshank	soapanywhere	0	Developer
sitz	soap-wsdl	0	Developer
kutterma	soap-wsdl	1	
ac0v	soap-wsdl	0	Developer
cengizkayay	soalift	1	
mohrt	snoopy	1	
jhs2	snoopy	0	Developer
gene_wood	snoopy	1	Developer
errows	snoopy	0	Developer
denzo2	snoopy	0	Developer
andrei	snoopy	1	
mrmuffin	snipthis	1	
rationalanimal	snippetscript	1	
xeus_man	sniper	1	
r0nny	snip-a-lot	1	Project Manager
evilissimo	snip-a-lot	1	Developer
codekill	snip-a-lot	1	Developer
rodrigobamboo	sneer	0	
leandrosaad	sneer	0	Developer
klauswuestefeld	sneer	1	
albacore	snapper	1	
gualo	snappconfig	1	
skot	snapdal	0	Developer
panmanphil	snapdal	1	
csstolle	snapdal	0	
cmgross	snapdal	0	Developer
shockeyk	snap	1	Project Manager
pjcabrera_java	snap	1	All-Hands Person
pj_aquino	snap	0	Developer
mjpolanco	snap	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
l_ramirez	snap	0	Web Designer
hfrequency	snap	0	Developer
elec_diaz_00	snap	0	Web Designer
deckard_1100	snap	0	Developer
irmen	snakelets	1	
bestmazzo	snail	1	
quinticent	snaglepuss	1	
khamis	sn-extensions	1	
ngo_quan	smartdoc	1	
h4ruhi	sm16cf	1	
iporres	smwscw	1	Project Manager
m0ren0	smutty	1	
lenzenc	smtpunit	1	
taserv	smsm	1	
thewackonerd	smsimplecms1	1	Developer
gollwas	smrj	1	
ithinkergoiam	smp4linux	1	
marrs	smoothmetal	1	
jshiell	smoothmetal	1	Developer
binkley	smoothmetal	1	Developer
turdfergusson	smoothiemods	0	Tester
s-t-p	smoothiemods	0	Developer
remembermyname	smoothiemods	0	Developer
netwhiz	smoothiemods	1	All-Hands Person
mpot	smoothiemods	0	No specific role
kris_tof	smoothiemods	0	Developer
hivemynd	smoothiemods	0	Developer
etherlord82	smoothiemods	0	Developer
daniel_hozac	smoothiemods	0	Developer
c47457r0ph3	smoothiemods	0	Developer
awphuch	smoothiemods	0	Developer
vpiattelli	smoothcopy	1	Project Manager
mskeel	smoothcopy	1	Tester
enzo	smooth	1	
vaishalic	sml-mpi	1	
vdbuyss	smile	0	Developer
tryggvil	smile	0	Developer
rudi_claes	smile	0	Doc Writer
mwessendorf	smile	0	
emol	smile	1	Developer
dimitry_dhondt	smile	1	Developer
dbiehl	smide	1	All-Hands Person
dashohoxha	smewebapp	1	Developer
elj	smerge	0	Developer
cadrian	smerge	1	All-Hands Person
boism	smerge	0	Developer
smoksmok	smdesigner	1	All-Hands Person
sagi	smarty-gettext	1	
gadicohen	smarty-gettext	0	Developer
hainey	smartui	1	Project Manager
nfsantos	smartrmi	1	
altos-z	smartperso	1	
perrotti	smartpanel	1	
loki_za	smartmaildotnet	1	
meebey	smartirc4net	1	
shabanovd	smartims	1	
qurbonov_gulom	smartims	0	Developer
just_	smartims	0	
eugene_beast	smartims	0	
amirakhmedov	smartims	0	Developer
rlogiacco	smartconfig	1	
ggperrone	smartconfig	0	Developer
atalarico	smartconfig	0	Unix Admin
rhauf	smartcc	0	Developer
hengels	smartcc	1	
tfosa	smartcard	0	
gpoul	smartcard	1	
martin_konicek	smartbee	1	Project Manager
bilboq	smartbee	0	Developer
netwerkgr	smart-publisher	1	
bradcupit	smart-pointers	1	Project Manager
w1nma1n	smart-library	0	
jwking	smart-library	0	Project Manager
fmarchal	smart-library	0	
aditsu	smart-library	1	Developer
nnovic	smallnet	1	
mev	slyboots	1	
andrerav	slumber	1	
zsozsop	sltw	1	
szoke	sltw	1	
darkchrono	slsoftware	1	
lemmy01	slqbeans	1	
kajala	slmath	1	
sunh11373	slimpgp	1	
mobby38	slimlib	0	Developer
lionel_balme	slimlib	1	
spariev	slimdog	0	
amecky	slimdog	1	
jwdevel	slig	1	
norganos	sledit	1	
ctraber	sledit	0	Tester
lordfilu	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
lordeidi	sldragonproject	1	Project Manager
lordandrej	sldragonproject	0	All-Hands Person
dvg60	sldragonproject	0	Developer
rthorndy	slate	1	Developer
ciboire	slate	1	
aevernon	slate	0	Developer
wedgeant	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
slackfr	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
lfslack	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
jonesy23	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
cfdev	slackfr-packs	1	Project Manager
awahlig	skype4py	1	
api-devlab	skratchpad	1	Project Manager
wyrkeel	sklibrary	1	
veins	sklibrary	1	Developer
venndigram	skinner	1	
cgrushko	skinner	1	Project Manager
delsarto	ski	0	Developer
ahs3	ski	1	
yaztromo	sjs	1	
wenfeng	sjs	0	Developer
torbinsky	sjs	0	Developer
tobart79	sjs	0	Developer
tianfan	sjs	0	Developer
sstel	sjs	0	Developer
sreynen	sjs	0	Developer
sobotklp	sjs	1	Project Manager
sjs_group4	sjs	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
nclark	sjs	0	Developer
mwindle	sjs	0	Developer
mwalts	sjs	0	Developer
muttonchop	sjs	0	Developer
mhp5432	sjs	0	Developer
mercury1964	sjs	0	Developer
liyy	sjs	0	Developer
krisclarke	sjs	0	Developer
jmschwartz	sjs	0	Developer
jeffcrowe	sjs	0	Developer
irislai	sjs	1	All-Hands Person
hockeyengineer	sjs	0	Developer
erikaz	sjs	0	Developer
cpang	sjs	0	Developer
cgold	sjs	0	Developer
cecelia	sjs	0	Developer
campbelm	sjs	0	Developer
bwijoyo	sjs	0	Developer
ay58	sjs	0	Developer
anthonymah	sjs	0	Developer
andrew_garber	sjs	0	Developer
ahmad2121	sjs	0	Developer
aaron__k	sjs	0	Developer
cjstehno	sjrf	1	
sjcomp	sjgui	1	
williammccormic	singleinstance	1	
wduminy	sixemell	1	
h4u70	situr	1	
lprada	sissystem	1	All-Hands Person
ckroom	sircl	1	
agustiana	sipkd	1	
yakovsh	singlesub	1	
wimpi	singeltonpool	0	Analysis / Design
scheruga	singeltonpool	1	
japhy	singeltonpool	0	Analysis / Design
m0rg	simulus-engine	1	Developer
fyhuang	simulus-engine	1	
cedlebab	simulus-engine	0	Developer
aluepke	simteec	1	
pjfitzgibbons	simplyvbunit	0	Developer
mdausmann	simplyvbunit	0	Developer
killian35	simplyvbunit	1	
jrc520	simplygnustep	0	
fgstep	simplygnustep	0	Developer
cehardin	simplygnustep	1	
taorg	simply-rdf	1	Project Manager
naudts	simply-rdf	1	Developer
cvarona	simply-rdf	1	Developer
samsdb0	simplicitysharp	0	
rjsamson	simplicitysharp	1	
essmann	simplexml	1	
niallg	simpleweb	1	
matheuszeuch	simplevalidate	1	
sylbert	simpletk	0	Developer
kalinga	simpletk	0	Developer
gladiator	simpletk	0	Developer
etherealflaim	simpletk	1	Project Manager
turbobutton	simplethread	1	
reason9	simplestats	1	Project Manager
liviu_aurelian	simplesqltools	1	
joechip	simplescript	1	
rmaclean	simplerss	1	All-Hands Person
lesven	simplerss	0	Developer
craigb187	simplerss	0	Web Designer
edexx	simpleras	1	Developer
simpleradius	simpleradius	1	
shanan	simpleproject	1	
mcfletch	simpleparse	1	
juanysys	simpleodbc	1	
mavmic	simplemerge	1	Developer
crocifisso	simplemerge	1	Developer
netsrak	simplejcoms	1	
russgreen77	simplegantt	1	
mightymiraclema	simplegantt	0	Developer
dardino	simplegantt	0	Developer
oox	simpledevlib	1	
jivenetworks	simplecf	1	Project Manager
sam_project	simpleapimetric	1	
chrisranjana	simple-php-shop	1	
imhussachai	simple-dbqm	1	
sergey_strakhov	simpl	0	Developer
radked	simpl	0	Developer
paul_c	simpl	0	
johnfcsoft	simpl	1	Developer
grahammcc	simpl	0	Developer
bobfcsoft	simpl	1	Developer
gumbo	simlink	1	
vilbara	simfony	1	
bert_	simclust	1	
aaditya	sim85	1	Developer
dlboris	sim6502net	1	
marianop	silpp	1	
tcornel	silpentree	1	Developer
sillyminds	sillyminds	1	
oosterom	sillyexceptions	0	Developer
hippe	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
helmantel	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
amooy	sillyexceptions	0	Developer
gogo1234	silkroad	1	
slamb	sigsafe	1	
codefox	signelf	1	
romanosf	signalslot-apt	1	
kiwnix	sierra	1	
gkal	sierra	1	Developer
arsh0r	siemapi	1	
binumathew1974	side4u	1	Developer
jbwiv	sidarkstar	1	
burlog	shallocator	1	
rupertwg	shwow-ide	0	Developer
ip80	shwow-ide	1	
matsys	shwild	1	Developer
complexmath	shwild	1	Developer
chrismasters	shrink	1	
scratattack	showmesh	1	
cpuwhiz105	showmesh	0	Developer
bitnbyte	shmap	1	Developer
nirshahaf	shmallocator	1	
lanceman	shm-arena	1	
vpoulain	shlublulib	1	Project Manager
pthorel	shllib	1	
rodrigodc	shl	1	
shivneetns	shivneetns	1	
taab	shiningaffix	1	
dutoitc	shimeric	1	
shagan	shew	1	
nomike	shellconfig	1	
antoprovenzano	sharpweather	1	Project Manager
aschlapsi	sharprss	1	Developer
crazy0man	sharprefactor	1	
srubben	sharpquery	1	Developer
brunes69	sharpquery	1	
zuboss82	sharppdf	0	Developer
scarlip	sharppdf	0	
pichbe	sharppdf	0	
peipa	sharppdf	0	Developer
dogcane	sharppdf	1	
barmalej	sharplib	1	
anuproject	sharpgrid	1	
robloach	sharpfs	0	Developer
promit	sharpfs	1	Developer
scottbradley	sharpforge	1	
shakerwd	sharpedit	1	Developer
dbright	sharpedit	1	Project Manager
spinthemoose	sharpcontrib	1	
netdb	sharpadmin	1	Project Manager
pomarc	sharpa	1	
gurun	sharky	1	
mkrzemien	sharedpool	1	
misanek	shared-pool	1	
jamesbon	share360	1	
k5jvc	shapedotnet	1	Project Manager
greg7224	shadowed	1	Project Manager
kalandw1	shadow1	1	
fipar	sh-mutex	1	
selig	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
dnedrow	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
cdegroot	sgmltools-lite	1	Project Manager
adicarlo	sgmltools-lite	0	Developer
kbeckman	sglibs	1	
vittek	sglib	1	
toolshed	sgio	1	Project Manager
rmarinie	sgio	1	Developer
sghfd	sghfd	1	
rgbrenner	sgets	1	All-Hands Person
bastek_	sgcl	1	
rpav	sfw	1	Project Manager
radkade1	sfw	0	Developer
repete	sfsetup	0	
mhearn	sfsetup	1	
dago	sfsetup	0	Developer
schmendrick	sforzando	1	Developer
natbudin	sforzando	1	Developer
davidglasser	sforzando	1	Developer
zaks	sforce	0	Developer
tranmanyo	sforce	1	Project Manager
surfous	sforce	0	Developer
stevebuik	sforce	1	Developer
speerhead	sforce	0	
ryankicks	sforce	1	Developer
ron_hess	sforce	1	Developer
khouseknecht	sforce	1	Project Manager
jlward4	sforce	0	Developer
ekenigsberg	sforce	0	Developer
dchasman	sforce	1	Developer
dcarroll_sforce	sforce	1	Developer
chipski	sforce	1	Developer
byrnereese	sforce	0	Developer
benjasik	sforce	1	Developer
adamcgross	sforce	1	Developer
djd2tq	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
catfoodgood	sfgdcoll	1	
bensch128	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
eserte	sf-upload	1	
pohart	searchjars	1	
ubik42	seymour	1	Developer
evilpuppet	seymour	1	Developer
matts22	sexpr	1	
m0smith	sewer	1	
cleverly	sewer	0	Developer
sevenalive	sevenupdate	1	
prolifics_user	seven-mock	1	
colcas	seven-mock	1	
adrianshum	seven-mock	0	Developer
hajokirchhoff	setl	1	
wvdgoor	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
vogelsp	ses-ppts	1	Developer
nlv12078	ses-ppts	1	Developer
nlv11075	ses-ppts	1	Project Manager
frank_w	ses-ppts	1	Developer
erikbos	ses-ppts	1	Developer
cjs	servtest	1	
chdh	servletviewer	1	
somik	servletunit	1	
java_man	servletunit	0	Developer
arcneeraj	servletunit	1	Unix Admin
wyldebeast	servlettesting	1	
johnlink	servlettesting	1	Project Manager
joniyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	servletstudio	1	Developer
ideabrooder	servletstudio	1	Developer
dbpad	servletstudio	1	Developer
modeltford	servicetango	1	Developer
emorning	servicetango	1	
cororok	servicemanager	1	
unknownguy	service11	1	Developer
tim11soft	service11	1	Project Manager
kolimarfey	service11	1	Developer
jeffy11	service11	1	Project Manager
dnarizhnyh	service11	1	Project Manager
tibu	service-cache	0	Developer
n_alex_rupp	service-cache	1	
mkurjano	service-cache	1	Project Manager
kopela	service-cache	0	
dsundstrom	service-cache	0	Developer
milindshingade	server-test-sdk	1	
dwclarke	serprot	1	
escovan	serpens	1	
plinskey	serp	0	Developer
mprudhom	serp	0	Developer
elindauer	serp	0	Developer
abewhite	serp	1	
adrianoc	serialwizard	1	Developer
sy7robc	serf	0	Developer
sofiatan	serf	0	Developer
johanlindberg	serf	1	Developer
lordlust	serengeti	1	
thoulder	sequenceview	1	
trpasle	sepw	1	
linuz_	sentio	1	
darthcheng	sentio	0	Developer
thefirelane	sente	1	All-Hands Person
amao671	sensorshooting	1	
gravelld	senayan	1	
kabalak	semerkent	1	
macbishop	sememu	1	
atlantisrogue	selfless-python	1	
ivan_r_moore	selfguru	1	
lcstar	selene	1	
christianmc	seif	1	
thomas-m	seesaw	1	
mensonge	seedbed	1	
binoyed	sedochlp	1	
howe	sednapy	1	
maxcooper	securityfilter	1	Project Manager
dayash	securityfilter	0	Developer
chris_schultz	securityfilter	1	Project Manager
wboelen	secureinstaller	0	Developer
teyjohn	secureinstaller	0	Developer
pmylemans	secureinstaller	1	Developer
yosugc	secse	1	Project Manager
walkerdi	secse	1	Project Manager
telegraph_road	secse	1	
secsercost	secse	1	Developer
ripagl	secse	1	Project Manager
marcel71	secse	1	
gual	secse	1	Project Manager
engineering	secse	1	Project Manager
dogson	secse	1	Developer
dips_sohal	secse	1	Unix Admin
debora_desideri	secse	1	
antoniodn	secse	1	Developer
alsi77	secse	1	Developer
dcbarrientos	secor	1	
sebproject	sebdevproject	1	
hellfeuer	searchmonkey	0	Developer
ggx2	searchmonkey	0	Developer
cottrela	searchmonkey	1	
andyflint28	searchdelphi	1	
sivachandra	sealcpp	1	
dhervieux	sdtools	1	
bajackson	sdtoolkit	1	
aantov	sdoclet	1	Project Manager
stechz	sdlzipfile	1	
matt_s	sdlsplash	1	
towro	sdlreflex	1	
dgoehrig	sdlpl	1	
bigwayne	sdlpl	1	
tojo	sdlpas	1	
froged	sdloo	1	
silverdirk	sdlmm	0	Developer
rad_ad	sdlmm	0	Developer
neotron	sdlmm	1	All-Hands Person
cokane	sdlmm	1	
abadox	sdlmm	0	Developer
wolfclan	sdlmerlin	1	
red_pixel	sdlhan	0	No specific role
ageldama	sdlhan	1	All-Hands Person
saber_ben_salem	sdlgraph	0	Developer
fenixk19	sdlgraph	0	Developer
abertoll	sdlgraph	1	
xark	sdldoc	0	
weaver	sdldoc	0	
slouken	sdldoc	1	Developer
phoenix	sdldoc	0	
fingolfin	sdldoc	1	
akawaka	sdldoc	1	
reflex-2000	sdlconsole	1	
trixx	sdl4fp	1	
int-0	sdl4fp	0	Developer
elcugo	sdl4fp	0	Developer
sdl_gp32	sdl-tinygl	1	
hamister	sdfserver	1	
nikolopoulos	sdccide	1	
d70rh1	sd-vsnetplugin	1	
elberry	scrumbag	1	
mitloehn	scestimate	1	
thoratou	screen	1	
scriptrunner	scriptrunner	1	Project Manager
pnmaher	scriptrunner	0	Developer
syntheticpp	scusi	1	
ohochreu	scusi	0	Developer
mloskot	scusi	0	Developer
supersteve1440	scul	1	
snakecard	sctoolkits	1	
wood_j	sctl	1	
psutera	sctl	1	Developer
siyikalender	scstream	1	
frostbox	scripts4xbmc	1	Project Manager
lenx	scripton	1	
virtual4ever	scripting	0	Tester
universalia	scripting	1	Project Manager
starter2	scripting	0	Tester
sknvslsn	scripting	0	Tester
romka01	scripting	0	Unix Admin
gorapid	scripting	0	Tester
edyy	scripting	0	Tester
cezarica	scripting	0	Developer
arcan	scripting	0	Tester
arcade1989	scripting	0	Tester
tweety_04_01	scripter-cs	1	
lox24	scratchml	1	
mattwood1	scout	1	
juvs	scout	0	Developer
gezerk	scout	0	Developer
s_yevtushenko	scola	0	Developer
plueschix	scola	1	Developer
jhereth	scola	1	
spf-sf	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
sb-sf	scmrtos	1	Developer
harry_zhurov	scmrtos	1	All-Hands Person
avreal	scmrtos	0	Developer
alexdistel	scmrtos	0	Developer
ahtoxa	scmrtos	0	Developer
wpietri	scissor-tools	1	
tdanylak	scipio	1	Project Manager
wbd	scintilla	0	Developer
ssteele	scintilla	0	
sdeibel	scintilla	0	
scaraveo	scintilla	0	Developer
robux4	scintilla	0	
rdaneelolivaw	scintilla	0	
philho	scintilla	0	Developer
nyamatongwe	scintilla	1	Project Manager
mjroberts	scintilla	0	Developer
mixedpuppy	scintilla	0	Developer
jtuc	scintilla	0	Developer
jpe	scintilla	0	
jmrodriguez	scintilla	0	Developer
gserack	scintilla	0	Developer
fdncred	scintilla	0	Developer
ericp	scintilla	0	Developer
eranm	scintilla	0	Developer
don_paul	scintilla	0	Developer
anevilyak	scintilla	0	
andyjeffries	scintilla	0	
ocoskun	scinet	1	Project Manager
ybando	scim	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
wmtuen	scim	0	Developer
wjbeksi	scim	0	Developer
voidoo	scim	0	Developer
suzhe	scim	1	Project Manager
subbo	scim	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ryo-dairiki	scim	1	Developer
neeum	scim	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
mfabian	scim	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
makeinu	scim	0	Developer
liuspider	scim	1	Project Manager
linshiqun	scim	0	Developer
juhp	scim	0	Developer
janhefti	scim	0	Doc Writer
hwanjin	scim	0	Developer
huangpeng	scim	0	Developer
cooleyes_lf	scim	0	Developer
cducer	scim	0	Developer
baohaojun	scim	0	Developer
alexepico	scim	0	Developer
gserack	scide	1	
mgm55	schoolprojects	1	
jannejun	schoolmud	1	
dcazzulino	schematron-net	1	
zhuchongkai	schematics	0	Developer
surazal	schematics	1	No specific role
stephanh	schematics	0	Developer
sperber	schematics	1	Developer
solsona	schematics	1	Project Manager
slef	schematics	0	Developer
rculpepper	schematics	1	Project Manager
pdestroy	schematics	0	
object	schematics	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
noel	schematics	1	Project Manager
mjadud	schematics	1	Project Manager
madskg	schematics	0	Developer
lastcraft	schematics	0	
jasoegaard	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
ianglover	schematics	1	Project Manager
hoesterholt	schematics	0	
gweakliem	schematics	1	All-Hands Person
eknauel	schematics	0	
drschemer	schematics	0	
davidji0	schematics	1	Developer
davegurnell	schematics	0	All-Hands Person
bruceba	schematics	1	Project Manager
bfulgham	schematics	1	
aurelianito	schematics	0	Analysis / Design
antonvs	schematics	1	Project Manager
alex_peake	schematics	1	Developer
drake42	schemamap	1	Developer
mgruenke	schemadoc	1	
katharsys	schdir-lib	1	
shtrb	scex	1	Project Manager
karens	scex	1	Distributor/Promoter
tmurakam	scenerytools	1	Project Manager
sskhiri	sce-se	1	
bertilsson	scdoc	1	
rdurkin	scbugdb	0	Developer
davefdavef	scbugdb	1	
xardas82	scb	0	Developer
wackynet	scb	1	Project Manager
turbandan	scb	0	Developer
a_senna	scat	1	
woof497	scarsrl	0	
wizzupsrl	scarsrl	1	
starblaster100	scarsrl	0	
sfspky	scarsrl	0	
rsn_	scarsrl	0	
renax	scarsrl	0	
realrune	scarsrl	0	
pyro_910	scarsrl	0	
phantombmx	scarsrl	0	
moparisthebest	scarsrl	1	
madcowsrl	scarsrl	0	
krazy_meerkat	scarsrl	0	
kernel-klink	scarsrl	0	
freddy1990	scarsrl	0	
driger1592	scarsrl	0	
dankness	scarsrl	1	
crgky127	scarsrl	0	
bebemycat2	scarsrl	0	
wrxzzj	scanalyst	1	
thomaswood	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
jamesafj	scamp	1	All-Hands Person
amadvance	scale2x	1	
mgineer1	scal-2	1	
pqpsoft	scacad	1	Developer
junyoshitake	scacad	0	Developer
adrianogf	scacad	1	Developer
sholder	sbugs	1	
dhervieux	sbtools	1	Project Manager
perkeo	sbo	1	Developer
njuty	sbo	0	Developer
mcourtot	sbo	1	
lenov	sbo	1	Project Manager
msc_nitram	sbev	1	All-Hands Person
batzenkopp	sbev	0	All-Hands Person
kaij	sbds	1	
wnewman	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
transit	sbcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tkalvas	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
ths-sf	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
slyrus	sbcl	0	Developer
sa2c	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
rudi	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
pkhuong	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
pfdietz	sbcl	0	Tester
nfroyd	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
milesegan	sbcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
melisgl	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
lisphacker	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
lichteblau	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
kreuter	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
kingnato	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
kevinrosenberg	sbcl	0	
jsnell	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
demoss	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
dan_b	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
crhodes	sbcl	1	All-Hands Person
bmastenbrook	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
bdowning	sbcl	0	
antifuchs	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
adejneka	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
son4r	sb-agssh	0	No specific role
japayne	sb-agssh	1	
sfotis	salomegeometry	1	Project Manager
pdolbey	salomegeometry	0	Developer
dirkski	salomegeometry	0	Developer
dchri	salomegeometry	0	Developer
jheinstein	saxy-xmlparser	1	
gaselli	saxy-xmlparser	0	Developer
werken	saxpath	1	Developer
slehmann	saxpath	0	Developer
proyal	saxpath	1	Project Manager
mbelonga	saxpath	0	Developer
jstrachan	saxpath	1	Project Manager
iter	saxpath	0	Developer
ebolwidt	saxpath	0	
kwaclaw	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
kbwood	saxforpascal	1	Project Manager
jeffrafter	saxforpascal	1	
kwaclaw	saxdotnet	1	Project Manager
jeffrafter	saxdotnet	1	
yuvalo	saxbench	1	
aslom	saxbench	1	
mpriest	saxadapter	1	
johnanesbitt	savvyhive	1	
sauen	sausurepay	1	
shuklasp	satyacb	1	
nbartlett	satsumaxml	1	
drluz	satine	1	
bzimmer	satine	0	
rickknowles	satellitewebapp	1	
dareya	satellitewebapp	0	
pmittal	satedit	0	Developer
jhenyal	satedit	1	
bastiaan	satedit	0	Developer
kristyelizabeth	satchel	1	Project Manager
aadwight	satchel	0	Developer
spikeware	sasconsortium	1	
foozy	sasax	1	
swhale	sarissa	0	Developer
mbatsis	sarissa	1	
duncanb	sarissa	0	Developer
khanreaper	saptam	1	
bduzik	saptam	1	Developer
koucky	saprfc	1	
ymoussa	sapia	0	Developer
yduchesne	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
letrait	sapia	0	
freequebec	sapia	1	All-Hands Person
sebadsgn	saolu	1	All-Hands Person
sirfaber	sanscini	0	Developer
sanscini	sanscini	1	Project Manager
agiolito	sanscini	1	Developer
javatrout	sao	1	
sambitbasu	sandr	1	
j-pimp	sanctum	0	Developer
fibre	sanctum	1	Project Manager
umite	samproj	1	Unix Admin
alparsla	samproj	1	
zacaster	sami	0	
joaocaboclo	sami	0	Developer
fabiorecife	sami	1	
marnix	same	1	
samtech	sam-gallery	1	
bhun	salvation	1	
gotoless	saltk	1	
schowdhry	salmon	0	Developer
rstoyanchev	salmon	0	Developer
fcahill	salmon	0	Developer
dandubinsky	salmon	1	Project Manager
dagarwal	salmon	0	
bdecaudin	salmon	0	Developer
uzdun	saiws	1	
marx-gomes	saguim	1	
bidu	saguim	1	Developer
johnqueso	sagent	1	
xevol	sagelib	1	
johnqueso	sageifc	1	
shahsag	sagar-r-shah	1	
vomlehn	safeunits	1	
naquin	safedata	1	
pgcrism	safe	1	
efa	safe	0	
crsadun	sadun-util	1	
d3x0r	sack	1	All-Hands Person
stratus	sacix	1	Project Manager
pmsrtux	sacix	1	
rgardler	saafe	1	Project Manager
pshymorphic	s3fc	1	Developer
mcurf	s3fc	1	Developer
gmpff	s3fc	0	
deflatus	s3fc	1	Project Manager
alberts3	s3fc	1	
sgbeal	s11n	1	Project Manager
jaedlund	s11n	0	Developer
ksadlocha	s-mail	1	
mlh	xython	1	No specific role
g_braad	xython	1	
plosson	xybrix	0	Developer
jimbodean	xybrix	1	Project Manager
schilcote	xy-game-engine	1	
blais	xxdiff	1	
stephanmueller	xwork-quartz	1	
polx	xwing	1	Developer
jshowlett	xwing	1	Developer
dzop	xwidget	1	Project Manager
rohlik	xweaver	0	Developer
pnp-software	xweaver	1	
megli	xweaver	1	Developer
ibirrer	xweaver	1	Project Manager
buerkeva	xweaver	0	Developer
apasetti	xweaver	0	Developer
ndthomson45	xview4struts	1	
osych	xvcl	1	Project Manager
santoshd	xunit	0	
kdmurthy	xunit	1	
t_inoue	xunicode	1	
laziguanara	xulrecordset	1	Project Manager
jvalduvieco	xulrecordset	1	Developer
flegens	xulbooster	1	
vamp201	xul	1	
p-ultrid	xul	0	Developer
purikk	xtremesuite	0	Developer
medkouri	xtremesuite	0	
jeje	xtremesuite	1	
indukumar	xtremesuite	0	Developer
ayerra	xtremesuite	0	
schemitz	xtreme	1	
zc2	xtrans	1	Project Manager
marleydc	xtrans	1	
rcclaffe	xtoxml	1	
tdanylak	xtom	1	
vg103	xtestsuite	1	
adragos	xterminal	1	
ttate	xtemplate	1	
wrakocy	xteamworks	1	Developer
csepulv	xteamworks	1	
geaz	xtas	1	
agony	xsanalyzer	1	
yuyou	xswt	0	Developer
janmagpet	xswt	0	Developer
hallvard	xswt	0	Developer
dvorme	xswt	1	
xertoz	xsqlapi	1	
banjo	xsql	1	
stellars	xsphplib	1	Developer
rbala	xsphplib	1	Project Manager
xjanp40	xslttmapi	1	
kosek	xslttmapi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
stu001	xsltsl	0	Developer
reinout	xsltsl	0	Developer
mhummel	xsltsl	0	Developer
leomonus	xsltsl	0	Developer
injektilo	xsltsl	0	Developer
doss	xsltsl	0	Developer
dasman	xsltsl	0	Developer
cce	xsltsl	0	Developer
balls	xsltsl	1	Project Manager
thertz	xsltml	0	Developer
shade33	xsltml	1	Developer
pgolovin	xsltml	1	Project Manager
sexiko	xsltbuddy	1	
theogough	xslt4exml	1	
luzmendoza	xslt4exml	0	Developer
taddyman	xslt-process	0	
ovidiu	xslt-process	1	Project Manager
il_santo	xsljoke	1	
rajal	xsldoc	0	Developer
bacman	xsldoc	1	
mkallman	xsix	1	
xsdnyd	xsdnyd	1	
tb_ryan	xsdfbuilder	1	
yobiz	xsdf	1	
tonimaric	xsdf	0	Tester
rainerbiz	xsdf	0	Developer
mrcobit	xsdf	0	Developer
laozhu	xrun	1	All-Hands Person
isoman	xrun	0	Web Designer
albertwang	xrun	0	Web Designer
fasten	xrml	1	
avexrf	xrf-tool	1	
chap	xres4j	1	
pestilence669	xrange	1	
vsonerud	xradar	0	Developer
valery_b	xradar	0	
tobiast	xradar	0	
thoraage	xradar	0	Developer
stenis999	xradar	0	
sherbert69	xradar	0	
rpelisse	xradar	1	Developer
romson	xradar	0	Developer
rodinix	xradar	0	Developer
pinakmengle	xradar	0	Developer
ofjosne	xradar	0	Developer
ndox	xradar	0	Developer
kristofferkvam	xradar	1	Project Manager
haakonfs	xradar	0	Developer
geisor	xradar	0	Developer
francois_ld	xradar	0	Developer
danielbakkelund	xradar	0	
csterwa	xradar	0	Developer
akafred	xradar	1	Project Manager
afleischer	xradar	0	No specific role
ucapuozzo	xqore	1	Project Manager
spetix	xqore	1	
dalloliol	xqore	1	Project Manager
clinto	xqore	1	Project Manager
srinid	xqide	1	
xqxq	xqdraw	1	
alexmv77	xpylib	1	
tramuntana	xpweb	0	
toasta	xpweb	0	
steveoc	xpweb	0	
smcclelland	xpweb	0	Developer
robinm	xpweb	0	Project Manager
rdr73	xpweb	0	Developer
naitek	xpweb	0	Developer
mogambo	xpweb	0	
haipeng	xpweb	0	
garance	xpweb	0	
dinmadz	xpweb	0	Developer
dgrov	xpweb	0	
choucrouteman	xpweb	1	Project Manager
binarycode	xpweb	0	Developer
bfuller	xpweb	0	
alou2	xpweb	0	Developer
afreid	xpweb	0	Developer
slembcke	xptracker	1	Developer
jansenr	xptracker	1	Developer
andykorth	xptracker	1	
rsinnema	xpstudio	1	Developer
juergen_ebert	xpstorm	1	
jheintz	xproundup	1	
michaelferrante	xproadmap	1	Developer
kwallmar	xproadmap	1	Developer
abelcodemonk	xproadmap	1	Developer
jayhobson	xprint	0	Developer
gisburn	xprint	1	
gelf	xprint	0	Developer
acoopersmith	xprint	0	Developer
fernandovm	xprevail	1	
jbrisbin	xportal	1	
winkj	xpmt	1	Developer
toggm	xpmt	1	
tkmower	xplanner	0	Developer
sbate	xplanner	0	Developer
osandum	xplanner	0	Developer
mregazzi	xplanner	0	Developer
jacmorel	xplanner	1	Project Manager
robbrandt	xpinstaller	1	
kwaclaw	xpea	1	
jmarranz	xpdom	1	Project Manager
dwkang001	xpdl2owl	1	
joiellis	xpcgi	1	
omouse	xparse	1	
mozillagodzilla	xparse	1	Developer
elementocaotico	xpanda	1	Developer
dfugazza	xpanda	1	No specific role
schuemm	xpairtise	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
schleusel	xpairtise	1	Developer
rmischke	xpairtise	1	Developer
nlavit	xpairtise	1	
kjuschus01	xpairtise	1	
hschlen	xpairtise	1	
bandi999	xpairtise	1	Developer
sstanchfield	xpa	1	
lachinois	xpa	1	Developer
dmakalsky	xpa	1	Developer
djcordhose	xpa	1	
sorek	xp4ide	1	
reflex747	xp4ide	1	Developer
manuang2	xp4ide	1	Developer
dadaista	xp4ide	1	Developer
xptrackeradmin	xp-tracker	1	
soft_guy	xox	1	Developer
wbiggs	xorm	1	All-Hands Person
sj777	xorm	0	Developer
seifertd	xorm	0	Developer
sbendar	xorm	0	Developer
radzimir	xorm	0	Developer
harry_evans	xorm	1	Developer
dcheckoway	xorm	0	Developer
baliuka	xorm	0	Developer
ebuchner	xoplon	1	
avix	xoplon	1	
aspoerl	xoplon	0	
julionc	xoopsla	1	
valcilon	xoopscafe	1	Project Manager
zyspec	xoops	0	Developer
zoullou	xoops	0	Developer
yoyo2021	xoops	0	Developer
young-pee	xoops	0	Developer
ylarrivee	xoops	0	Developer
yipsilon	xoops	0	Developer
xoopsmods	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
xoopshelper	xoops	0	Support Technician
xeon_vl	xoops	0	Developer
xend	xoops	0	
wulff_dk	xoops	0	Developer
wtravel	xoops	0	Developer
wizanda	xoops	0	Developer
wishcraft	xoops	0	Developer
webmailfx	xoops	0	Developer
webfm	xoops	0	Developer
w4z004	xoops	0	Tester
victorzhuromsky	xoops	0	Developer
vadvarju	xoops	0	Distributor/Promoter
tripmon	xoops	0	Developer
thevivi	xoops	0	
the_bender	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tecuya	xoops	0	Developer
sudhaker	xoops	0	Developer
snotlingorc	xoops	0	Developer
shine2	xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sandeep_416	xoops	0	Developer
sakimura	xoops	0	Developer
rv3000	xoops	0	Developer
rowd	xoops	0	No specific role
romu	xoops	0	Developer
robekras	xoops	0	Doc Writer
remy	xoops	0	Developer
real_therplima	xoops	0	Developer
rboyleiii	xoops	0	Developer
ralf57	xoops	0	Developer
ppcm	xoops	0	Developer
phppp	xoops	1	Developer
philou_themes	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
phelim	xoops	0	Developer
phatbloke	xoops	0	Developer
peterr	xoops	0	Developer
pemen	xoops	0	Developer
pdaddict	xoops	0	Developer
ohwada	xoops	0	Developer
niluge_kiwi	xoops	0	Developer
nedlud	xoops	0	Developer
nboseret	xoops	0	Developer
mvandam	xoops	0	Developer
milhouse26	xoops	0	Developer
michaelhokamp	xoops	0	Web Designer
mercibe	xoops	0	Developer
mdeshane	xoops	0	Developer
mcnaz7	xoops	0	Developer
mcleines	xoops	0	Developer
mboyden	xoops	0	Developer
matand009	xoops	0	Developer
marcellobrandao	xoops	0	Developer
manel1	xoops	0	Doc Writer
m4d3l	xoops	0	Developer
lykoszine	xoops	0	Developer
luciorota	xoops	0	Developer
loudo	xoops	0	Developer
ldapguru	xoops	0	Developer
krayc	xoops	0	Developer
kerkness	xoops	0	Developer
kavaxtreme	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kaotik_j	xoops	0	Developer
kahumbu	xoops	0	Doc Writer
julionc	xoops	0	Developer
joaodelvalle	xoops	0	Developer
jegelstaff	xoops	0	Developer
jeffkoertzen	xoops	0	Developer
jeffgr	xoops	0	Doc Writer
jan304	xoops	0	Developer
jack404	xoops	0	Developer
jace303	xoops	0	Developer
iver_2435	xoops	0	Developer
irmtfan	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
intronbbs	xoops	0	Support Technician
indiangeek	xoops	0	Developer
hyperpod	xoops	0	Developer
huzhenghui	xoops	0	Developer
hsalazar	xoops	0	Doc Writer
has207	xoops	0	Developer
guymahieu	xoops	0	Developer
gufyy	xoops	0	Developer
gstarrett	xoops	0	Developer
greyhair	xoops	0	Developer
goghs	xoops	0	
gizmhail	xoops	0	Developer
gibaphp	xoops	0	Developer
garbelini	xoops	0	
fx2024	xoops	0	Developer
fred_inbox	xoops	0	Developer
frano	xoops	0	Developer
frankblacksf	xoops	0	Support Technician
forxoops	xoops	0	Developer
fnog	xoops	0	Developer
eric_juden	xoops	0	Developer
eikke	xoops	0	Developer
edomch	xoops	1	Project Manager
dyoo78	xoops	0	Developer
dugris	xoops	0	Developer
drtimw	xoops	0	Developer
draven_0	xoops	0	Developer
dpfresh	xoops	0	Developer
dirk_louwers	xoops	0	
dheltzel	xoops	0	Developer
dhcst	xoops	0	Developer
dawilby	xoops	0	Developer
davinci27	xoops	0	Developer
davidli	xoops	0	Developer
dave_l	xoops	0	Developer
dasdan	xoops	0	Developer
dap997	xoops	0	Developer
crushdepth	xoops	0	Doc Writer
cordel2	xoops	0	Developer
claudia	xoops	0	Developer
chapi-de	xoops	0	Developer
ch0ke	xoops	0	Developer
catzwolf	xoops	0	Developer
carnuke	xoops	0	
callawey	xoops	0	Developer
bujin	xoops	0	Tester
buennagel	xoops	0	Developer
brunobls	xoops	0	Developer
bluenova	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
blackdeath_csmc	xoops	0	Developer
birdseedmusic	xoops	0	Developer
beckmi	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alferov	xoops	0	Developer
alexxus	xoops	0	Developer
alanjuden	xoops	0	Developer
ackbarr	xoops	0	Developer
abeynaike	xoops	0	
real_therplima	xoopers	1	Project Manager
eyekeeper	xoopers	1	
sbidoul	xooof	1	Project Manager
sagfmak	xooof	0	Developer
sagbtw	xooof	1	Project Manager
sagbsth	xooof	1	Developer
sagblmi	xooof	1	
ph_vijghen	xooof	0	
pallaert	xooof	0	Developer
xoltar	xoltar-toolkit	1	
otbsupport	xnreseditpe	1	
dov-g	xnm	1	
aslom	xni2xmlpull	1	
okellya	xngr	0	Developer
knesbitt	xngr	0	
edankert	xngr	1	
sandklef	xnee	1	
fireartist	xnamer	1	
vinodvm	xmms-rc	1	
young-pee	xmtd	0	Developer
skenow	xmtd	0	Developer
real_therplima	xmtd	0	Developer
malanciault	xmtd	1	No specific role
m0nty_	xmtd	1	Project Manager
jegelstaff	xmtd	0	Developer
gibaphp	xmtd	0	Developer
dave_l	xmtd	0	Developer
crushdepth	xmtd	0	Doc Writer
gregm	xmon	1	
zeronullvoid	xmocx	1	
potempkin	xmlxslt	0	Developer
nejedly	xmlxslt	0	
mike808	xmlxslt	0	
kingubu	xmlxslt	0	
iaintat	xmlxslt	0	Developer
hexmode	xmlxslt	1	
gjosten	xmlxslt	0	Developer
gellyfish	xmlxslt	1	Developer
egonw	xmlxslt	0	
dandman	xmlxslt	0	
brong	xmlxslt	1	
petecassetta	xmlwriter	0	Developer
bayard	xmlwriter	1	Project Manager
tarapolice	xmlworks	1	Developer
subjective	xmlworks	1	Developer
sfock	xmlworks	1	Developer
ch3oh	xmlworks	1	Developer
bir	xmlworks	1	
samtregar	xmlvs	1	All-Hands Person
llturro	xmlvoc	1	
osiris0677	xmlv	1	Developer
enotecha	xmlv	1	
loneranger	xmltraverse	1	Project Manager
akasper	xmltraverse	1	Developer
sharun	xmltools	0	All-Hands Person
pinak	xmltools	0	Doc Writer
nik_89	xmltools	1	All-Hands Person
davidrutter	xmltestsuite	1	
texas_stu	xmltester	1	Project Manager
orb	xmltester	0	Developer
entelechy	xmltester	0	Developer
fcrestois	xmlsourcefile	1	
lient	xmlserializer	1	
kmeson	xmlserializer	0	
jredlin	xmlserializer	0	
meredydd	xmlrpc-debug	1	
lilantha	xmlpullparser	1	
tfb785	xmlprprpr	1	
johnqueso	xmlproperties	1	
javajedi	xmlproperties	0	
hipparchus2001	xmlprog	1	
pit22	xmlpp	1	Project Manager
zarella	xmlp	0	Developer
abcoates	xmlp	1	Project Manager
labradortech	xmlout	1	
hamletc1602	xmlout	1	Developer
lordoffox	xmlorm	1	
ish007	xmlopenstudio	1	
edurand	xmloop	1	Project Manager
dougkeith	xmlnode	1	Developer
codefox	xmlnode	1	
aflinton	xmlmiddleware	1	
sljm	xmlmapper-net	1	Project Manager
zampire	xmlmacro	1	
jasonkitty	xmljb	1	
rajonghyun	xmlization	1	Project Manager
crowelee	xmlization	0	Developer
greydrizzle	xmliter	1	
ohler	xmlite	1	
jerrykhan	xmlite	1	Developer
wasinee	xmlio	0	Developer
schliep	xmlio	0	
pipenb	xmlio	1	Project Manager
cic99	xmlio	0	Developer
achimgaedke	xmlio	1	Project Manager
edankert	xmlhammer	1	
soronthar	xmlgridlayout	1	
bpoussin	xmlgridlayout	0	Developer
wendellgu	xmlengine	1	
znerd	xmlenc	1	Project Manager
agoubard	xmlenc	0	Developer
elegoubin	xmlddl	1	
pdr	xmldb	1	Project Manager
walkabout	xmldb-org	1	
uche	xmldb-org	0	Developer
per_nyfelt	xmldb-org	1	
mrxtravis	xmldb-org	0	Developer
chemdog206	xmldatabinding	1	
alain-couthures	xmlcsharp	1	
larosem	xmlcpg	0	Developer
dallaire	xmlcpg	0	Developer
boisgona	xmlcpg	0	Developer
adbit	xmlcpg	1	Project Manager
nicolaasuni	xmlconfigreader	1	
sector9	xmlconfig	1	
marybrady	xmlconf	0	
jstrachan	xmlconf	0	Developer
jpolastre	xmlconf	0	
jason_e_stewart	xmlconf	0	Developer
edwingo	xmlconf	0	Developer
ebcdic	xmlconf	0	
dbrownell	xmlconf	1	
carnold	xmlconf	1	
victoor	xmlcomparator	1	
anurag0806	xmlcomparator	1	
ikotenkov	xmlclipse	1	
dnote	xmlcomp	1	
vanlindholm	xmlchecker	1	
sprior	xmlchecker	1	
johnjones	xmlchecker	1	
csaunders	xmlchecker	1	
nicolaasuni	xmlcfgreader	1	
ccoupal	xmlcfgdal	1	
jcofflan	xmlcereal	1	
rdragon01	xmlbind	1	
csa	xmlbench	1	
sseaman	xmlaprocessor	1	
oka801	xmlapplication	1	Developer
lifatov	xmlapplication	0	Developer
dbarashev	xmlapplication	1	
boriskhv	xmlapplication	0	Developer
hzeller	xmlapi	0	Developer
cobalt60	xmlapi	1	All-Hands Person
vrandezo	xml4ada95	1	
sbellon	xml4ada95	1	Project Manager
radu_floricica	xml2swing	1	
jabstract	xml2object	1	
simontuffs	xml-xig	1	
valikov	xml-transform	1	
msg4chang	xml-node	0	Developer
changliu	xml-node	1	Project Manager
djcordhose	xml-im-exporter	1	
dflorey	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
cironian	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
arjenmarkus	xml-fortran	1	
amehta1066	xml-ezparse	1	
mgruenke	xml-extractor	1	
subatomic	xml-cppdom	0	All-Hands Person
patrickh	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
nonchocoboy	xml-cppdom	0	All-Hands Person
dshipton	xml-cppdom	0	Developer
aronb	xml-cppdom	1	Developer
allenb	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
rohirrim	xmiddle	1	
mircomusolesi	xmiddle	1	
liciacapra	xmiddle	1	
ceciliamascolo	xmiddle	1	
luvaul	xmidas-vim	1	
tjacyno	xmen	0	Developer
eclipse_elf	xmen	0	
dark_angel	xmen	1	
birdscurrybeer	xmen	0	Developer
rgovostes	xmemedit	1	
epimetrias	xmemedit	0	Developer
bahamutzero	xmemedit	0	Developer
anarchiex	xmemedit	0	Developer
jmr13	xmem	1	
phishman3579	xmdaemon	1	
simshsia	xmbhacksportal	1	All-Hands Person
it_xmb	xmbhacksportal	1	Developer
rajindersingh	xmarks	0	Developer
kraldon	xmarks	1	
jrdavis	xmarks	0	Developer
jcman	xmarks	0	Developer
injektilo	xmarks	1	
polus	xm17n	1	
slapedra	xlp	1	
stochastix	xlw	0	No specific role
nando	xlw	1	No specific role
markjoshi	xlw	1	Developer
jlecomte	xlw	1	Project Manager
ericehlers	xlw	1	Project Manager
rwscott	xlt	1	Developer
mbardiaux	xlt	0	Developer
dannybackx	xlt	1	
amai	xlt	1	
aschild	xlsjdbc	1	
chema76	xlsheet	1	
zenon48	xlog	1	
keithalewis	xll	1	Project Manager
davidgeorge	xlink	1	
oetzel	xlife	1	
nexos	xlife	1	
cebewee	xlife	0	
acki	xlife	1	
dmontgomery	xlibvcl	0	Developer
ahuser	xlibvcl	1	
ssansone	xletutil	1	
markware	xlattice	0	
jddixon	xlattice	1	
foxbatty	xlattice	0	Developer
slavo	xkproject	1	
gmeyer1604	xkins	1	
fperezpa	xkins	0	Developer
dotan_adler	xjmx	1	
abbyz	xjeez	1	
kenaung	xito	0	
drichan	xito	1	
cybercerberus	xito	0	Developer
charamuga	xito	0	Developer
the_high_castle	xippo	0	All-Hands Person
marcoinno	xippo	0	Developer
baldua	xippo	0	Developer
amarches	xippo	1	Project Manager
xero2004	xinstall	0	Analysis / Design
shadow_mx	xinstall	0	Tester
seanccarroll	xinstall	0	Web Designer
prodi	xinstall	0	Developer
gamester17	xinstall	1	
martinka	xinity	1	
knubbel	xinity	1	Developer
hirbel	xinity	0	
diogosaad	xingu	1	Project Manager
dep4b	xingu	0	Developer
baserose	xingu	1	
fbilhaut	xineo	1	Project Manager
fnunnari	xinecanvas	1	
rgclan	xinca	1	
tournois	ximol	1	
hfp	ximol	1	Developer
francisandre	ximol	0	
cyrilgodart	ximol	0	Developer
zcsizmadia	xilprg	1	Project Manager
axonrg	xiki	1	
joshcode	xhtml2gui	1	Developer
cassbil	xhtml2gui	1	Developer
sssant	xhuggle	0	Developer
paultucker	xhuggle	1	Developer
mws_radwar	xhuggle	1	Project Manager
legless	xhuggle	0	Developer
lculik	xhuggle	1	Developer
jvbalek	xhuggle	0	Developer
felixhuggle	xhuggle	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
brianhays	xhuggle	0	Developer
bb75	xhuggle	0	Developer
andijahja	xhuggle	0	Developer
nicolaasuni	xhtmlvalidator	1	
johnlink	xhtmlunit	1	
ipreuss	xhtmlunit	1	Developer
nicolaasuni	xhtmltranscoder	1	
sandrorrfreire	xhgtk	1	
rodrigo_moreno	xhgtk	1	Developer
marcosgambeta	xhgtk	1	Developer
jancarlo	xhgtk	0	Developer
henemer	xhgtk	0	Developer
druzus	xhgtk	0	Developer
abassanezi	xhgtk	0	
morriscat	xgroupset	1	
jcayzac	xgl	1	Project Manager
xgenerator_prj	xgenerator2	1	
schooten	xgame	1	
vishesh91	xfuse	1	
philou_themes	xfr	1	Web Designer
pemen	xfr	0	Developer
marcoxoops	xfr	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kris_fr	xfr	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
frxoops	xfr	1	
fooups	xfr	0	Doc Writer
edomch	xfr	1	Project Manager
dugris	xfr	1	Developer
burning_fr	xfr	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
rletosa	xfp	0	Developer
flaviotordini	xfp	1	
ulim	xforge	0	Developer
nemorino	xforge	1	
agaroffolo	xforge	1	Developer
moxon	xfap	1	
haustein	xfap	1	
zebre007	xeumeuleu	0	Developer
vinsle	xeumeuleu	0	Developer
mat007	xeumeuleu	1	Developer
paramai	xet	1	Developer
krlab	xet	1	Project Manager
chutiporn	xet	1	Developer
madonnax	xeril	1	
kurnl	xenei	0	Developer
karav	xenei	0	Developer
jlwood949	xenei	0	All-Hands Person
fresco	xenei	0	Graphic/Other Designer
claudenw	xenei	1	Project Manager
pive	xelements	1	
dgil	xelements	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tharmes	xeclip	0	Developer
rainergloede	xeclip	1	
k_paland	xeclip	0	Developer
dominator75	xeclip	0	Developer
asterix802	xeclip	0	Developer
gvdinesh	xdoclet-ui	1	
glraaj	xdoclet-ui	0	
caption	xdoclet-ui	0	
kodecharlie	xdelimitarea	1	
dorivalac	xdebug	1	
linterra	xde	1	Project Manager
xeus_man	xdatagrid	1	
jkatou	xcpp	1	
reeb	xcop	1	
julienroussel	xcop	1	Developer
leonchiver	xcool	1	Developer
hengels	xcool	1	
iamkeke	xconsole	1	
diken	xconsole	0	Developer
emiruner	xcom	1	All-Hands Person
xitnalta	xcms	1	No specific role
sexkiller	xcms	1	
hperaza	xclass	1	
harryrat	xclass	1	
mattboy99	xchattercore	1	
boelthorn	xchatlisp	1	
tschmelcher	xcde	1	
ksejlod	xccnode	1	Developer
izaquar	xccnode	1	Developer
xcarecrows	xcarecrows4xml	0	Project Manager
ueimor	xcarecrows4xml	1	
soudant	xcarecrows4xml	1	
rioum	xcarecrows4xml	1	Unix Admin
jpater3	xcarecrows4xml	1	Developer
jbayechou	xcarecrows4xml	1	Developer
meades	xcache	1	All-Hands Person
sultan_szz	xbunit	1	
frankyeh	xbtl	1	
shuetrim	xbrlcomposer	1	
jeff_epstein	xbnjava	1	
skorobogatov	xbb-code	1	
the-raptor	xbashserv	0	Web Designer
breadcrust	xbashserv	1	Developer
auxesis	xbashserv	0	Tester
romberg	xbasemode	1	
davep	xbasemode	0	Developer
vailtom	xbase-dev	1	
xa_dblack	xaware	1	Project Manager
xa_admin	xaware	1	
voconnor	xaware	0	
thadakavasu	xaware	0	Developer
tferguson_xa	xaware	1	Developer
satishkuncha	xaware	0	Developer
rayhohl	xaware	0	Support Technician
ravindrach	xaware	0	
rajghiya	xaware	0	
oyesil	xaware	0	No specific role
mlamle	xaware	0	
kvandersluis	xaware	1	Developer
kshishir	xaware	0	Developer
kevindibble	xaware	0	
jtarnows	xaware	0	
joncweaver	xaware	0	Developer
jgpeters	xaware	1	Tester
heyrichards	xaware	0	Developer
fhammond22	xaware	0	No specific role
dwieland	xaware	0	
dgaethofs	xaware	0	No specific role
credd	xaware	0	
abhattcos	xaware	0	
pwkutter	xasm	1	Project Manager
matthiasanlauff	xasm	1	Project Manager
glgay	xarm	1	
eddieajau	xarcims	1	
xarayageek	xaraya	0	Developer
voll	xaraya	0	Developer
varchar	xaraya	0	Developer
thx1855	xaraya	0	Developer
stratagem	xaraya	0	Tester
rabbitt	xaraya	1	All-Hands Person
niceguyeddie	xaraya	0	Developer
mikespub	xaraya	0	Developer
marcinmilan	xaraya	1	Developer
marcel	xaraya	1	Project Manager
kams_sf	xaraya	0	Developer
jojodee	xaraya	0	Developer
johnnyrocket	xaraya	1	Project Manager
jbeames-sf	xaraya	0	Developer
jasonjudge	xaraya	1	Project Manager
gabrielconnor	xaraya	0	
epsilon7	xaraya	0	Developer
dudleyc	xaraya	0	Developer
dracosarcane	xaraya	1	Project Manager
clshrock	xaraya	0	
child_god	xaraya	0	Developer
bmcgilligan	xaraya	0	Developer
besfred	xaraya	0	Developer
baraboom	xaraya	1	Developer
apakuni	xaraya	0	Developer
e075xk	xap2	1	
andreymirzoyan	xaosos	1	
konstsaf	xao	0	Developer
jkxao	xao	0	Developer
buddachile	xao	0	Analysis / Design
bdespain	xao	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
amaltsev	xao	1	Analysis / Design
spasmoid	xao-php	1	
e4c5	xao-php	0	Developer
campanoni	xanlib	1	
uisdean	xampl-pp	1	
yairraz	xamj	0	Developer
xamjadmin	xamj	0	Developer
lobochief	xamj	1	Developer
xalgo	xalgo	1	Developer
dr_tux	xalgo	1	
xaguilars	xagdelphitools	1	
reverbel	xactor	1	Project Manager
ivanneto	xactor	1	
wnman2000	x3p	1	
rascal1182	x3p	1	
glazarus	x3p	1	
chimeric_spirit	x3p	1	
ajramire	x3p	1	
razor950	x360sdk	1	
aviadbd	x2j	1	
szabgab	x11guitest	0	Developer
ctrondlp	x11guitest	1	
cecil_stock	x11guitest	0	Developer
beduino_xt	x-trad	1	Project Manager
woyle	x-pipe	1	
tittoproject	x-launcher	1	
vutunglam	x-frameanalyzer	1	Project Manager
dougsatch	x-assist	1	
mindtriggerz	gxmlmts	1	
erikxiv	gxl	1	All-Hands Person
gwtoolkit	gwtoolkit	1	
jtwoee	gwtonrails	1	
rmalinowski	gwt2swf	1	
craigmackay	gwt-netbeans	1	Developer
chrisalfonso	gwt-netbeans	1	
rbla	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
pdevrijer	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
ipwizard	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
gunnicom	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
gkhh	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
frank-sforge	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
dbreiser	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
cstim	gwenhywfar	0	Developer
crazyed57	gwenhywfar	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aquamaniac	gwenhywfar	1	Project Manager
adegert	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
cvollrath	gvtags	1	
misha	gvrflash	0	Graphic/Other Designer
drizzt	gvrflash	1	
tischnoetentoet	gvhupdater	1	Developer
jason379	gut	1	Project Manager
donho	gup-w32	1	
alixaxel	guns	1	
haggpe	gunit	1	
zincou	guml	1	
mageos	guli	1	
gulfsoft	gulfsoft	1	
andrev	guilt	1	
newchief	guileplayer	1	
joels	guile-sdl	1	
foof	guile-sdl	0	Developer
paton	guia	1	
gega	gui	1	Project Manager
ferici	gui	1	Developer
temporal	guf	1	
ch4chiperriman	gtksourcecomple	1	
wingbyte	gtwain	1	
rossigee	gtranslator	1	Developer
psanxiao	gtranslator	1	Developer
neuro	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kabalak	gtranslator	1	
jjsanchez	gtranslator	1	Developer
greatnorthern	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
gaupe	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
epiotr	gtranslator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tekinico	gtlregex	1	Developer
dockurt2k	gtlregex	1	Developer
wengwei	gtkwrapper	1	Developer
lirong	gtkwrapper	1	
agstools	gtkwrap	1	
taf2cs	gtkwireless	1	
scapel	gtkwidgexts	1	
ryan_marsh	gtkswing	0	
gemi	gtkswing	1	
sgarrity	gtkspell	0	Content Management
noif	gtkspell	1	Developer
gauthierm	gtkspell	0	
eperez	gtkspell	1	Developer
eeyem	gtkspell	1	
datallah	gtkspell	1	Developer
alainmaison	gtkspell	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mapopa	gtksharpfire	1	
fenkys	gtkpp	1	Project Manager
hansiglaser	gtkpas	1	
terop	gtkmm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tdukes	gtkmm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
plerner	gtkmm	0	
olly1	gtkmm	0	Web Designer
mxpxfifws	gtkmm	1	Developer
murrayc	gtkmm	1	Developer
llanero	gtkmm	0	
kenelson	gtkmm	0	Developer
jnthnjng	gtkmm	1	Project Manager
hvr	gtkmm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
daniel_e	gtkmm	0	Developer
cactus	gtkmm	0	
btb	gtkmm	0	Developer
aholzmann	gtkmm	0	Developer
warmenhoven	gtkimhtml	1	Project Manager
robflynn	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
bmiller	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
matpe	gtkhexmap	1	Project Manager
tshead	gtkglext	1	Developer
sbrunet	gtkglext	1	
corsepiu	gtkglext	0	
tni	gtkfc	1	Project Manager
rvinyard	gtkextramm	0	Developer
rottmann	gtkextramm	1	Developer
murrayc	gtkextramm	1	Developer
gustin	gtkextramm	1	Developer
david_larson	gtkextramm	1	Developer
btb	gtkextramm	0	Developer
arnetheduck	gtkextramm	1	Developer
troyer	gtkextra	0	
rwalden	gtkextra	0	Developer
rgipps	gtkextra	0	Developer
mscottn	gtkextra	0	
kornos	gtkextra	0	Doc Writer
kohni	gtkextra	0	Developer
gandy	gtkextra	0	Developer
feiguin	gtkextra	1	Project Manager
ensonic	gtkextra	0	Doc Writer
dov-g	gtkextra	0	Developer
mslicker	gtkeditor	1	
mailund	gtkeditor	1	
antoniorm	gtkd	1	
saettaz	gtkcombogrid	1	
pgavin	gtk2hs	0	
juhp	gtk2hs	1	Developer
josve	gtk2hs	0	Developer
ggd	gtk2hs	0	Web Designer
duncan_coutts	gtk2hs	1	Developer
dg22	gtk2hs	0	Developer
as49	gtk2hs	1	
tbzatek	gtk2forpascal	0	Developer
mgaertner	gtk2forpascal	1	
leidola	gtk2forpascal	0	Developer
rwmcfa1	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
pcg	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
noiddicle	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
muppetman	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
kaffeetisch	gtk2-perl	1	Developer
joered	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
jcurbo	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
gthyni	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
glade-perl	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
ggc	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
ebassi	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
dov-g	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
dlacroix	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
cowens	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
borup	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
mkestner	gtk-sharp	1	
gtk-server	gtk-server	1	
sarcone	gtk-osx	0	Developer
robinrowe	gtk-osx	1	Project Manager
mrsid	gtk-osx	0	Developer
lesoinne	gtk-osx	0	Developer
laprock	gtk-osx	0	Project Manager
benh57	gtk-osx	0	Developer
awreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
abreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
pcostabel	gtk-cocoa	1	
verhaegs	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
tfrieden	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
shoepower	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
nicomen	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
hnl_dk	gtk-amiga	1	Project Manager
hfrieden	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
evasilakis	gtk-amiga	1	Developer
csirac	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
chris_y	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
pablorg	gtframework	1	
woz1010	gtengine	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
keless	gtengine	0	Developer
keef	gtengine	1	Analysis / Design
brad_beveridge	gtengine	1	Project Manager
ucmueller	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
jonped	gtd-unittest	1	Developer
sirrusty	gswboards	1	
drewpc	gstring	1	
zak147	gstreamer	0	Developer
yippi	gstreamer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
wtay	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
wingo	gstreamer	0	
vishnu	gstreamer	0	
thomasvs	gstreamer	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
theuraeus	gstreamer	1	All-Hands Person
thaytan	gstreamer	0	Developer
teuf	gstreamer	0	Developer
teebaum	gstreamer	0	Developer
sxpert	gstreamer	0	
sbaker3	gstreamer	0	Developer
sackrtp	gstreamer	0	Developer
richardb	gstreamer	0	Developer
rbultje	gstreamer	0	Developer
r0garcia	gstreamer	0	
ow3n	gstreamer	0	Developer
omegahacker	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
nodatadj	gstreamer	0	Developer
murrayc	gstreamer	0	
mmeeks	gstreamer	0	Developer
lmjohns3	gstreamer	0	Developer
jyasskin	gstreamer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
jpritikin	gstreamer	0	Tester
jesimon	gstreamer	0	Developer
hadess	gstreamer	0	Developer
ensonic	gstreamer	1	Project Manager
dschleef	gstreamer	0	Developer
dolphy	gstreamer	0	Developer
dobey	gstreamer	0	Developer
dlehn	gstreamer	0	Developer
dilinger	gstreamer	0	Developer
company	gstreamer	0	Developer
colinwalters	gstreamer	0	
cael	gstreamer	0	Developer
benow	gstreamer	0	Developer
ajmitch	gstreamer	0	Developer
gsse	gsse	1	
warezio	gsk	0	
twitkamp	gsk	0	Developer
nsalehi	gsk	0	Developer
mrad	gsk	0	
gus_shaffer	gsk	0	
davebenson	gsk	1	
bantham	gsk	0	Developer
adamkangas	gsk	0	
maddog39	gse	1	
cosmo_k	gscheduler	0	
bstpierre	gscheduler	1	
svetzal	gsbase	0	Developer
mbowler	gsbase	1	Project Manager
shaguf	greatindiandeve	1	
snandan	grupohci	0	Developer
rodrigo_ramirez	grupohci	0	Developer
reddendon	grupohci	0	Developer
recrea	grupohci	0	Developer
prashantkvc	grupohci	0	Developer
lpezet	grupohci	0	Developer
javapandit	grupohci	0	Developer
evo_lemon	grupohci	0	Developer
bhuvan_s_2000	grupohci	0	Developer
anunez	grupohci	1	Project Manager
matt_n	grunt	1	
cavac	grumpfzotzlinux	1	
wigleys	grove4j	0	Developer
jheintz	grove4j	0	Developer
jackpark	grove4j	0	Developer
gra_moore	grove4j	1	
drmacro	grove4j	0	Developer
zay	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
mrguide	grouptool	1	
misterdj	grouptool	1	All-Hands Person
hship	gropt	1	
ulyssessouza	groovyoneclipse	1	
jervin	groovy-monkey	1	Project Manager
rensink	groove	1	
kastenberg	groove	1	Project Manager
iovka	groove	1	Developer
fladder	groove	1	Developer
fjvanes	groove	0	Developer
vmitov	grinder	0	Developer
philipa	grinder	1	
lemeunier	grinder	0	
jwk330	grinder	0	Developer
calumfodder	grinder	0	Developer
ogsb	gridutility	1	
jgoodson	gridsoft	1	
p_grace	gridkit	1	
barryfp	gridkit	1	Developer
t1deman	gridiron	0	Developer
piascikj	gridiron	1	
z0ra	gridarta	0	Developer
swegecko	gridarta	0	Developer
ryo_saeba	gridarta	0	Developer
rjtanner	gridarta	0	Developer
michtoen	gridarta	0	Developer
longir	gridarta	0	Developer
kbulgrien	gridarta	0	
gros	gridarta	0	Developer
derdanny	gridarta	1	Project Manager
christianhujer	gridarta	1	Project Manager
akirschbaum	gridarta	1	Project Manager
thundercow	gretel	0	Developer
michalyoung	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
jmkf	gretel	0	Developer
c_wraith	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
tompr1234	greenflag	1	
wibrahim	greenfinch	0	Developer
icelus	greenfinch	1	
jeromiya	greenengine	1	
davidgao89	greenengine	0	
cbridgerg00	greenengine	0	
mipsator	gredit	1	
daniel_martins	groovydice	1	
shaiguitar	greatmodel	1	
kaewkasi	grdevtools	0	
farocco	grdevtools	0	
dtakamori	grdevtools	0	Developer
a-shneyderman	grdevtools	1	
champion	graysky	1	Developer
base13	graysky	1	
benthurston	grasssmml	1	
rohanprabhu	grassroot	1	
acme	graphviz-perl	1	
cehardin	graphiteapi	1	
wiktor	graphil	1	Developer
pafinde2	graphil	1	Developer
pafinde	graphil	1	
hryczuk	graphil	1	Developer
doobaq	graphil	1	Developer
per	graphico	1	
giorgio83	graphcontrols	1	
graphcontrol	graphcontrol	1	
rmihal	grammar2parser	1	
auctmore	grainedlogin	1	
a-shneyderman	grackit	1	
flatyre	gpullover	1	
alexsott	gpsd	1	
nooper	gppfront	1	
tvierling	gplv2	1	Project Manager
pdalet	gpib82357a	1	
undees	gpib-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
slizardo	gpgext	1	
yirin	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
vnryabin	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
vhuber	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
vashorin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
vanniand	gpe4gtk	0	
slanzarini	gpe4gtk	0	
sandra87	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
rocamendez	gpe4gtk	0	
ratering	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
quick-qi	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
piotrbala	gpe4gtk	0	
lukichev	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
lkirtchakova	gpe4gtk	0	
likun-liu	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
labutin	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
kuracharybda	gpe4gtk	0	
kentemich	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
ioodints	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
immars	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
hohmannc	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
hmersch	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
hchhchde	gpe4gtk	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
h4vard	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
golbi	gpe4gtk	0	
flueken	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
dwerwin	gpe4gtk	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dnpetrov	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
dizhigul	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
deniscmc	gpe4gtk	0	
davidovda	gpe4gtk	0	
codingbear	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
chengweiwang	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
bschuller	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
bdemuth	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
batek	gpe4gtk	0	
alekhin	gpe4gtk	0	
aapotapov	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
ali_shabdar	gozaresh	1	
pjsb	gous	1	Project Manager
kaythespy	gous	0	Developer
bandyt	gous	1	Project Manager
vsima	gotjava	0	Developer
sdelap	gotjava	0	Developer
scottdelap	gotjava	0	Developer
rickross	gotjava	1	Project Manager
neoflux	gotjava	1	Project Manager
matt-jl	gotjava	1	Project Manager
jaaron_farr	gotjava	0	Developer
igors	gotjava	0	Developer
gregorypierce	gotjava	0	Developer
cookspol	gotjava	0	Developer
asahni	gotjava	0	Developer
gigvivek	goscript	1	
techieguy	googlipse	1	
grprakash	googlipse	1	All-Hands Person
csilvers	goog-gflags	1	
fellow99	gomp	1	
gomb	gomba-php	1	
ndcr1023	golib	1	Developer
gregoryrbaker	golib	1	Developer
asthomps	golib	1	Project Manager
dwise111	golden-light	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dawmail333	golden-light	1	
worldmaker	golddotnet	1	
zashi	gojo	1	
feesh	gojo	1	Developer
feelicks	goe	1	Developer
awwaiid	goe	1	Developer
goddex	goddex	1	All-Hands Person
zsimic	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
svene	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
schoelle	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
pgcrism	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
neallester	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
majkel-k	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
kwaxer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
karine_arnout	gobo-eiffel	0	Doc Writer
jfiat	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
ittarnavsky	gobo-eiffel	0	
hey	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
gmc444	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
farnaud	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
ericb	gobo-eiffel	1	Project Manager
colin-adams	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
christianmc	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
berenddeboer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
anlei	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
yuri_b	gobjects	1	
neallester	goanna	1	Developer
mqm	goanna	0	Developer
loryn	goanna	0	Developer
kwaxer	goanna	0	Developer
colin-adams	goanna	1	Project Manager
butcherch	goanna	0	Developer
bobmarcum	goanna	0	Developer
bayt	goanna	1	Developer
chris74	gnuwinapp	1	
luciomaciel	gnutil	1	
rustino	gnutellalib	1	
scott_bailey	gnutelephony	0	Developer
dyfet	gnutelephony	1	
conradpino	gnutelephony	0	Developer
parejkoj	gnuplot-py	0	Developer
mhagger	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
ingraldi	gnuplot-py	1	Developer
bmcage	gnuplot-py	0	Developer
alford	gnuplot-py	0	Developer
matthewbrett	gnumex	1	
k10	gnumex	1	Developer
chulbe2lsu	gnumex	0	Developer
birge	gnumex	1	Project Manager
jemarch	gnumadrid	1	
neolynx	gnufondue	1	
jfpoux	gnuegw	1	
jeluard	gnuegw	1	Developer
freynaud	gnuegw	1	Developer
jcater	gnue	1	
jamesthom	gnue	1	
dneighbors	gnue	1	
elsalvador	gnubuntu	1	
nikitis	gnu6	1	Project Manager
sinan	gnu-tr	0	Developer
rorqual	gnu-tr	0	Developer
ozaygen	gnu-tr	0	Developer
opheus	gnu-tr	0	Developer
nilgun	gnu-tr	0	Developer
meren	gnu-tr	0	Developer
imacit	gnu-tr	0	Developer
ilgici	gnu-tr	0	Developer
hakova	gnu-tr	0	Developer
flau	gnu-tr	0	Developer
erdinc	gnu-tr	0	Developer
engin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
elmaogullari	gnu-tr	0	Developer
dobidik	gnu-tr	0	Developer
deniz02	gnu-tr	1	Project Manager
coltekin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
apassionplay	gnu-tr	0	Developer
altugbayram	gnu-tr	0	Developer
noxorc	gnu-efi	1	
bdale	gnu-efi	0	
dpaehl	gnsis	1	
ackahn	gnotepad	1	
serhei	gnork	1	
mosez	gnopaste	1	Project Manager
usta	gnome-turk	0	All-Hands Person
sinan	gnome-turk	0	All-Hands Person
kabalak	gnome-turk	1	
flau	gnome-turk	1	Unix Admin
camcorder	gnome-turk	1	All-Hands Person
apakkan	gnome-turk	0	Developer
osk	gnome-gcj	1	
herzi	gnome-gcj	1	Developer
wjgiddings	gnocl	0	Project Manager
pgbaum	gnocl	1	
stephen_leake	gnavi	0	Developer
jvandyk	gnavi	1	
gressett	gnavi	0	Developer
gdemont	gnavi	0	Developer
dbotton	gnavi	1	Project Manager
nuffle	gnatsperl	1	Project Manager
jimsearle	gnatsperl	0	Developer
mikegr	gnatsbrowser	1	
martindowie	gnat4oa	1	
rombobeorn	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
matli	gnat-florist	0	Developer
krischik	gnat-florist	1	Project Manager
karlnyberg	gnat-florist	1	All-Hands Person
jcreem	gnat-florist	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
scop	gmuck	1	
rothomp3	gmpplusplus	1	
scorpio	gmodulemm	1	
lokan	gmlib	1	
nathancrews	gml2civil	1	
givemefish	gmfxml	1	
kukukuan	gmcc	1	
mike-harding	gmc4j	1	Developer
ercan_ismail	gmc4j	1	
juantar	gmbigtemplate	1	
johnvey	gmail-api	1	
elarson	gmail-api	0	Developer
dalat	glucene	1	
rowanjames	glow	1	Project Manager
nagle	glow	0	Developer
dazuma	glow	1	Project Manager
markjvickers	gloss	1	Project Manager
acelet	global-environm	1	
godlikemouse	glm-jsc	1	
cmzach	glipkit	1	
ryanw	glimmer	1	
chicane	glimmer	1	
alito	glimmer	1	All-Hands Person
dnedrow	glibc-darwin	1	
ruda	glib-objc	1	Developer
rodarvus	glib-objc	1	Developer
porton	glib-bind	1	
yeseop	glgui	0	Developer
nonamehjb	glgui	0	Developer
druid-	glgui	1	Project Manager
gldm	gleditor	1	
jo2y	gleak	1	
drgnslyr	glappgrapher	1	
legolas558	gladius	1	All-Hands Person
andieb	gladius	0	Tester
tgmg	gjava	1	Developer
techguyx	gjava	0	Developer
sleija	gjava	0	Developer
ruisuatp	gjava	0	Developer
randomizer	gjava	0	Developer
quadduc	gjava	0	Developer
porfirio	gjava	1	Developer
luiscubal	gjava	1	
kalyan-sundar	gjava	0	Developer
jamescaska	gjava	0	Developer
ismavatar	gjava	0	Developer
iamgreat	gjava	0	Developer
bobserge	gjava	0	Developer
will_mason	gizmos	1	All-Hands Person
sebpaul	gitk	0	Developer
sast	gitk	0	Developer
nordside	gitk	0	Developer
mrandel	gitk	0	Developer
ianuti	gitk	0	Developer
geek7	gitk	0	
ensonic	gitk	1	Project Manager
mirrorsh	giter	1	All-Hands Person
srk	gisi-pm	1	
kurtac1	gisi-pm	0	
sjbrown	girls	1	
xentac	giotto	1	Developer
spartan5	giotto	1	Project Manager
pda	giotto	1	Developer
dudeofx	giotto	1	Developer
daimon_hall	giotto	1	Project Manager
zz_ziled	ginits-pax	1	
sdarlington	gindent	1	
pierrebarthe	gimp-vs	1	Project Manager
demomaker	gimp-vs	0	Developer
prokoudine	gimp-sharp	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
oded_c	gimp-sharp	0	Developer
neppanepenthes	gimp-sharp	1	Developer
mrijk	gimp-sharp	1	
gb_architect	gimp-gpu	1	
papercranescut	gill	1	
housisong	gill	1	Developer
ajoo	gill	1	Developer
langelicajr	gigocms	1	Developer
german_gonzo	gigocms	1	Project Manager
gstover	giggle	1	
jgperrin1971	gi-commons	1	
zvis	ghwt	1	
xlomo	ghosteam	0	Developer
thanocpp	ghosteam	0	Developer
rawwr	ghosteam	0	Developer
nohponex	ghosteam	1	All-Hands Person
lightshield	ghosteam	1	Developer
kdihalas	ghosteam	1	Developer
hammered	ghosteam	1	Developer
rohanr2	ghexcalc	1	
avramovic	ggtt	1	
subatomic	ggt	0	Project Manager
patrickh	ggt	1	All-Hands Person
nonchocoboy	ggt	0	Developer
jahare	ggt	0	
dshipton	ggt	0	Developer
aronb	ggt	1	Developer
allenb	ggt	1	Project Manager
vvk_	ggi	0	Developer
thayne	ggi	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
soyt	ggi	1	Web Designer
skids	ggi	0	Developer
rohara	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
riyu	ggi	0	Developer
redmondp	ggi	0	Developer
pekberg	ggi	1	Developer
orzo	ggi	0	Developer
ortalo	ggi	0	Developer
nsouch	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
neiljp	ggi	0	Tester
mooz	ggi	0	Developer
ggibecka	ggi	1	Tester
fspacek	ggi	0	Developer
fries	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
foske	ggi	0	Developer
cegger	ggi	1	Developer
antrik	ggi	0	
aldot	ggi	0	Tester
agraef	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
adamel	ggi	0	No specific role
essial	ggamestudio	1	
mlavwilson	gfw	1	
zero_dogg	gfsi	1	
krister	gfclib	0	Developer
jcfranks	gfclib	1	Project Manager
filipe_maia	gfclib	0	Developer
cucumelo	gfclib	0	All-Hands Person
jcfranks	gfc	1	
sivachandra	genc	1	
twm	gexperts	0	Developer
shoffmeister	gexperts	0	Project Manager
eberry	gexperts	1	Project Manager
burnin	gexperts	0	Developer
georgeuoa	gexpa	1	
paul-gregory	getthecolor	1	Project Manager
cbuguet	getthecolor	0	Developer
tramm	getoptions	1	
whyglinux	getopt-sample	1	
dead_projects	getit	1	Project Manager
stellwag	getabspath	1	
tim-w	geshi	0	Developer
oracleshinoda	geshi	1	Project Manager
netocrat	geshi	0	Developer
milianw	geshi	0	Developer
knutaldrin	geshi	0	Developer
jtschannen	geshi	0	Developer
chocmurderer	geshi	0	Developer
benbe	geshi	1	Project Manager
petrenkomaxim	ges	1	
denys_p	ges	1	
shadow71	germanmacosx	1	Project Manager
nritter123	geotiff-jai	1	
robfollett	geolib	1	
lambart	geode	1	
zl25-drexel	geo-google	1	
wellhausen	genuine	1	
opensistemas	gentooforzaurus	1	
brondsem	gentoocygwin	0	Developer
bonsaikitten	gentoocygwin	1	Project Manager
ddruff	genrd	1	
kevin-duffey	genpluginengine	1	Project Manager
carmello	genpluginengine	1	Developer
r3nh03k	genp	0	Developer
jjolly	genp	1	
slholmes	genmdixml	1	
anees042	geniejython	1	
munichgrizzley	genie-framework	0	Developer
linbai	genie-framework	0	Developer
ggrosse	genie-framework	1	
pjco	geniconxp	1	
mkernel	gengine	1	Developer
kojaques	gengine	0	Doc Writer
executor_taron	gengine	0	Developer
magus_spirit	genesiscomp	1	Project Manager
kram1024	genesiscomp	1	Developer
stephenrank	genesis-ist	0	Developer
momasrl	genesis-ist	1	
luimon	genesis-ist	0	Developer
genmeo	genesis-ist	0	
angnut	genesis-ist	0	Developer
marianor	genericdal	1	
sverige	generic-wrkflow	1	Project Manager
infojunkie84	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
bytethunder	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
versat1474	genadonet	1	
brudner	gems4net	1	
genedavis	gemms	1	All-Hands Person
ravemanx	geminir	0	Developer
shigeyuki	gem4mac	1	Project Manager
asura77	gem4mac	0	No specific role
lannguyenvn	gely	1	
meenymojo	gelatin	1	All-Hands Person
mbrock	gelatin	1	
ciceron	gel	1	Project Manager
zody	gekkoware	0	Developer
xiam	gekkoware	1	Project Manager
milardovich	gekkoware	0	Developer
marioly	gekkoware	0	Developer
k001operator	gekkoware	0	Developer
h1pp1e	gekkoware	0	Developer
gravedancer	gekkoware	0	Developer
gnuget	gekkoware	0	Developer
compermisos	gekkoware	0	Developer
blacknash	gekkoware	1	Developer
arcax-ath	gekkoware	0	Developer
ygicquel	gedit-funcbrows	1	
mblanton	gedcom2xml	1	
jgb3	gedcom-ruby	1	
davek	gedcom-net	1	
sergio_belli	gecomp	1	
spielc	geclipse	1	
flow81	geclipse	1	
nkivilis	geckoplugin	1	Developer
improb	geckoplugin	0	Developer
ereznetta	geckoplugin	1	Project Manager
edafnai	geckoplugin	1	Developer
sergio_belli	gebib	1	
riebmann	gearthcomapinet	1	
genedavis	gdsprinting	1	
ndarnis	gdsl	1	Project Manager
juunsuke	gds3	1	Project Manager
nuno_silva_pt	gdengine	1	Developer
robert_siqueira	gdc	1	
cnerehw	gdbm-vc	1	
yalnifj	gdbi	0	Developer
tfmorris	gdbi	0	Developer
roland-d	gdbi	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
rhthornburrow	gdbi	0	Developer
dkionka	gdbi	1	Project Manager
vladsfl	gdapi	0	Developer
vkbalamurali	gdapi	0	Developer
masogato	gdapi	1	
jeremysears	gdapi	0	Developer
emoench	gdapi	0	Developer
arnesol	gdapi	0	Developer
headhunter_mdk	gda	1	Project Manager
figjam68	gda	0	Developer
darxkies	gd-sharp	1	
lermitagjo	gcon4j	1	
rjdsilv	gczeus	0	Developer
evbasso	gczeus	1	
edsonto	gczeus	0	Developer
cjgarmar	gcweb	1	
nicholasamorim	gcslib	1	Project Manager
michelazevedo	gcslib	1	Developer
alexgirao	gcslib	1	
zhuyifan	gcsf	0	Developer
zding	gcsf	1	Project Manager
yaoguang	gcsf	0	Developer
xwei	gcsf	1	Developer
wilfredli	gcsf	0	Developer
stevemock	gcsf	0	
mada_jlu	gcsf	0	
luoyuan	gcsf	0	Developer
lclement	gcsf	0	Developer
csmith	gcsf	1	
tgmg	gcpp	1	
usander	gcplusplus	1	
alexsisson	gcpi	1	
wickusmartin	gcomp	1	
alex_hal9000	gcode	1	
yellowsheep	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
oleson	gcgreatcode	1	
hjmjohnson	gcgreatcode	1	
heiko_folkerts	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
gary_ash	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
cbeaudet	gcgreatcode	1	
bgbarcus	gcgreatcode	1	Project Manager
andrearpin	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
abfinger	gcgreatcode	1	
malizia	gcforcpp	1	
netsuvi	gcb	1	
threequalizer	gbo	1	
vitorrubio	gbboleto	0	Developer
smartbruce	gbboleto	1	
pecanha	gbboleto	0	Web Designer
kevinsmithbr	gbboleto	0	Developer
jrms1	gbboleto	0	Web Designer
genilton	gbboleto	1	Project Manager
aocampioni	gbboleto	0	Developer
thekilled	gbamapedit	0	Developer
sdstrowes	gbamapedit	1	Developer
tb100	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
kxu	gbafromscratch	1	Developer
ayashi	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
the-matrixman	gameconstruct	1	
logarithm	gameconstruct	0	Developer
jrunge	gameconstruct	1	Developer
boddlnagg	gamadus	1	
gwd1	gausssoft	0	
amc1	gausssoft	1	
stewartadcock	gaul	1	Project Manager
mckenzie_keith	gaul	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dpick	gaul	0	Tester
sane-trotter	gates-dom	1	
domivogt	gateguardian	1	
guill	gasta	1	
gkello	gasqlparser	1	Project Manager
ranf	garscreen	1	
starseeker	garnetlisp	1	
sds	garnetlisp	0	Developer
rpgoldman	garnetlisp	1	
ralmond	garnetlisp	1	Developer
emillan	ganymede	1	Project Manager
bopferma	ganymede	1	Developer
thesfinx	ganimede	0	Developer
rstanciu	ganimede	0	Developer
medu	ganimede	1	Project Manager
shanthakumar	gang	1	
llanger	ganef	1	Project Manager
emanuelgreisen	ganef	1	Developer
blinks	gamma-tracker	1	
zohn	gamepower	0	Developer
stdio	gamepower	0	Developer
mickeysofine	gamepower	0	Developer
l_darkness	gamepower	0	Developer
krpors	gamepower	0	Developer
judo2	gamepower	0	Developer
doddi07	gamepower	0	Developer
darkguy2008	gamepower	1	
compwiz18	gamepower	0	Developer
backwardsdown	gamepower	0	Developer
aussieeeeee	gamepower	0	Developer
adammil	gamelib	1	Developer
micro301	gameframework	1	
xeemz	gameblade	0	Developer
nokturn	gameblade	1	All-Hands Person
nimgil	gameblade	0	Developer
nhusted	gameblade	0	Developer
atomicdragon	gameblade	0	Developer
adrak	gameblade	0	Developer
pbrane	game-math3d	0	Developer
pauldubois	game-math3d	0	Developer
jwatte	game-math3d	1	Project Manager
cruise_wd	game-math3d	0	Developer
galor	galor	1	
rvillaver	gallium	1	
captoblivious	galileo	1	
maxkhaskin	galg	1	
zowie	galacticfront	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
tsayles	galacticfront	1	Project Manager
songster	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
jebak	galacticfront	0	Web Designer
albamuth	galacticfront	0	Graphic/Other Designer
orb	gadjit	1	
magse	gadesignlib	1	
gsscoder	gac-get	1	
captoblivious	ga2	1	
yuri_tsoy	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
sirwiz	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
lumer	ga-fwork-net	1	
aviadbd	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
nkraft	g4re	1	
jpower	g4re	0	
brianmalloy	g4re	0	
artfulgotcha	g2f3	1	
ballabio	g2dlib	1	
wagner	g2	1	
tijs	g2	0	Developer
ljubo	g2	1	
gustavobt	g-socks	1	
shige-sf	g-inspector	1	Developer
myamato	g-inspector	0	Developer
hot_sleeper	nymm-genn	1	
phyizal	nxtpp	0	Developer
maddock	nxtpp	0	Developer
doctor_z	nxtpp	0	Developer
cmwslw	nxtpp	1	
itility	nxplanner	0	Developer
firepoet	nxplanner	1	Project Manager
pvax	nxmlui	1	
chris_aitken	nxcontrols	1	
sjoyeux	nxbre	0	Developer
ronevans	nxbre	0	Developer
ddossot	nxbre	1	Project Manager
zhangkl	nwpu-lanhuahua	1	
kartug	nwos	0	
jsedwards	nwos	1	
eyrdan	nwndynlib	1	Project Manager
adah	nvwa	1	
mengel	nuweb	1	
keithharwood	nuweb	1	Developer
glauschwuffel	nuweb	1	
cimmerian	nuweb	1	
murkn	nutty	1	
ubiguchi	nutility	1	
bserdar	nutf	1	
darxkies	nutexframework	1	
aw36	nusho	1	
legolas558	nuntius	1	
rogeroberg	nunitforms	0	Developer
robsmyth	nunitforms	0	Developer
nigel_thorne	nunitforms	0	Developer
nigelbeach	nunitforms	0	Developer
lukemaxon	nunitforms	1	
jeremydmiller	nunitforms	0	Developer
deboeck	nunitforms	0	Developer
charliepoole	nunitforms	1	Developer
andlil4711	nunitforms	0	Developer
adamvan	nunitforms	0	Developer
lkhatskevitch	nunitasp	0	Developer
jlittle82	nunitasp	1	Developer
brik	nunitasp	0	Project Manager
aginos	nunitasp	0	Developer
afinnell	nunitasp	0	Developer
trayburn	nunit	0	Developer
shmarya	nunit	0	Developer
rdealba	nunit	0	Developer
psantosl	nunit	0	Developer
lukemaxon	nunit	0	Developer
jcansdale	nunit	0	Developer
garyfx	nunit	0	Web Designer
coryfoy	nunit	0	Developer
charliepoole	nunit	1	Developer
xsynackx	numcv	1	
falsinfab	numbertool	1	
jonasbn	number-format	0	Developer
dlc	number-format	0	Developer
cstrep	number-format	0	Developer
ceeshek	number-format	0	Developer
billward	number-format	1	
alecn2002	num2str	1	
lukadotnet	nullabletypes	1	Project Manager
damienguard	nullabletypes	0	
biste	nullabletypes	0	Developer
gesha_x	nuclos	1	
ntrifunovic	ntserviceclass	1	
daverman	ntpath	1	
voronkov	ntl	1	Developer
wilsond_msft	nteam	0	
thmoje	nteam	0	
sreynolds17	nteam	0	Project Manager
smartdot	nteam	0	Developer
s_m	nteam	0	Project Manager
skjagini	nteam	0	Developer
sbellware	nteam	0	Developer
sam_dlg	nteam	0	Developer
rrinaldi	nteam	0	Developer
robthejedi	nteam	0	Project Manager
rlaneve	nteam	0	Developer
repo_stef	nteam	0	
rbuckton	nteam	0	Project Manager
pwelter34	nteam	0	Developer
pombredanne	nteam	0	
levirosol	nteam	0	Developer
jzdecourcy	nteam	0	
justinking	nteam	0	Developer
jonas_antonsson	nteam	0	Developer
jasonbentley	nteam	1	
iracerx	nteam	0	Developer
gibbensr	nteam	0	Developer
gardenerd	nteam	0	Project Manager
fanzoo	nteam	0	Project Manager
ericson	nteam	0	Developer
engine252	nteam	0	
edchapel	nteam	0	Developer
djgraham	nteam	0	
damage-plan	nteam	0	Developer
cvawter	nteam	0	Developer
chrisbkr	nteam	0	
chaoticpeace	nteam	0	Project Manager
bonder	nteam	0	
bestcomy	nteam	0	Developer
aspnetgeek	nteam	0	
aspiering	nteam	1	Developer
alexjcampbell	nteam	0	Project Manager
akosma	nteam	0	
banane2000	ntacl	1	
wildex999	nsvlib	1	
gen2joki	nsvlib	0	Developer
nrpg	nstudio	1	
spodskubka	nstreamlib	1	Developer
fohringer0	nstreamlib	0	Developer
dhruvmatani	nstl	1	Developer
apurva_m	nstl	1	
mgeramb	nsrcp	1	
jvarszegi	nspring	1	Developer
jauren	nspring	0	Developer
illsorted	nspring	0	Developer
gilesforster	nspring	0	Developer
cege7480	nspring	0	Developer
rlisboars	nspode	0	Developer
giulianobg	nspode	1	
germelito	nspode	0	Web Designer
tdhdeep	nsis-scriptgen	1	
psypab	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
manav_rathi	nsis-scriptgen	1	
deep-trouble	nsis-scriptgen	1	
carlito_au	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
thirdapple	nsbrain	1	
tam0	nrss	1	
jmenard	nqxml	1	
mrfun	nqn	0	
lerc	nqn	1	
probstl	nprocess	0	Developer
nekronomekron	nprocess	1	
apersaud	npx	1	Project Manager
xuehua_xm	npsnetv	0	Developer
squidcoder	npsnetv	0	Developer
mparupal	npsnetv	0	Developer
mcgredo	npsnetv	1	Developer
jdneushul	npsnetv	0	Developer
ey6es	npsnetv	1	Developer
eserin	npsnetv	0	Developer
ejsalles	npsnetv	0	Developer
dunblane74	npsnetv	0	Developer
brutzman	npsnetv	0	Developer
uruz	nproject	0	Developer
rodeomac	nproject	1	Project Manager
kharly	nproject	0	Developer
kevinwilliams	nproject	0	Developer
berkenbosch	nproject	0	Developer
jonshute	nprofiler	1	
oblin	nprofile	1	Project Manager
zobo	npp-plugins	0	Developer
vor0nwe	npp-plugins	0	Developer
tylandercasper	npp-plugins	0	Developer
morbac	npp-plugins	0	
mathgod	npp-plugins	0	Developer
loonychewy	npp-plugins	0	Developer
jsanjosem	npp-plugins	0	Developer
jenslorenz	npp-plugins	1	Project Manager
harrybharry	npp-plugins	0	Developer
garthex	npp-plugins	0	Developer
fidvo	npp-plugins	0	Developer
dxoch	npp-plugins	0	Developer
dv__	npp-plugins	0	Developer
donho	npp-plugins	0	Developer
alexiljin	npp-plugins	0	Developer
vulgrin	nplanner	1	
scottlaw1	nplanner	0	
rbanerji	nplanner	0	
michaeldavidcox	nplanner	0	Developer
jeberly	nplanner	0	
paralogiki	npl	1	
jinishans	npdf	1	
violent_ken	notepadv2	1	
grayarea	nox	1	Project Manager
szeiger	novocode-tk	1	Project Manager
lavosphoenix	novaeon-magi	1	
mikup	notus	0	Developer
lomoff	notus	0	Developer
felipe_almeida	notus	0	Developer
egladysh	notus	1	
agea	notnow	1	
cathyscott	notjustjavave	1	
vtbhoher	notes2	0	Developer
tiagosch	notes2	0	Developer
sjosimar	notes2	0	Developer
jonblackjack	notes2	0	Developer
dennerbb	notes2	0	Developer
andrenix	notes2	0	Tester
andersonrb	notes2	1	
alldrix	notes2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
otbsupport	notepadpluspe	1	
stef_le_gall	notepad-plus	0	Web Designer
severach	notepad-plus	0	Developer
jenslorenz	notepad-plus	0	Developer
harrybharry	notepad-plus	0	Developer
dv__	notepad-plus	0	Developer
donho	notepad-plus	1	Project Manager
pereira_jair	notarium	0	Developer
mlanger	notarium	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
mdelara	notarium	1	Project Manager
lhrasera	notarium	0	Doc Writer
orbital56	nospeak	1	Developer
abashev	nosa	1	
larsan	norna	1	
andreasb	nor-mandrake	1	
schoenborno	noptrlib	1	
gbonalde	nomacolamp	1	
davybrion	noma	1	
nom_keyboard	nom-keyboard	1	
druidbartek	nokix	1	Developer
cieszak	nokix	1	
awahlig	nokix	1	Developer
nocaute	nocaute	1	
netsach	nob	1	
nosod	no-sod	1	Developer
jwegener	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
erkih	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cedsoft	no-sod	0	Developer
ccpraude	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bgao_7351	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aknight33	no-sod	0	Web Designer
michal017	nnl	1	
cababunga	nmstl2	1	Developer
jsalz	nmstl	1	
lanwin	nmould	1	Developer
ursenzler	nmock2	0	Analysis / Design
thomasweing	nmock2	1	
nwhaley	nmock2	0	
mgm	nmock2	1	Developer
hstalder	nmock2	1	Web Designer
desunit	nmailunit	1	
lazarus404	nmagick	1	
btihanyi	nloc	1	
yabba	nlist-classes	0	Developer
thboeckel	nlist-classes	0	Developer
sindlarv	nlist-classes	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sba	nlist-classes	1	Developer
pbobbenb	nlist-classes	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
itix	nlist-classes	0	Developer
gnikl	nlist-classes	1	Developer
gnfnr	nlist-classes	0	Developer
damato	nlist-classes	1	Project Manager
rawo	nlinalg	1	
quantumg	nktspeview	1	
anaktos	nktspeview	1	Developer
rmessier	nits	1	
mclow	nitric	1	Developer
lisa_lippincott	nitric	1	
jax	nitric	1	Developer
chrispage	nitric	0	
bsdz	niperl	1	
wolfc	nioext	1	All-Hands Person
noodleroni	ninstaller	1	
sdedalus	nini	0	Developer
bmatzelle	nini	1	
tliron	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
orasis	ninetynine	0	Project Manager
jword	ninetynine	1	Project Manager
mark-wilkinson	nine-libs	1	
nickvergessen	nickvergessen	1	
lifeispain	nickvergessen	0	Developer
nicesearch	nicesearch	1	
rnix	nicerobot	1	
tehlike	nhcontrib	0	Developer
rstuven	nhcontrib	0	Developer
phatcher	nhcontrib	0	
nelopauselli	nhcontrib	0	Developer
lyhr	nhcontrib	0	
kpixel	nhcontrib	1	Developer
karlchu	nhcontrib	1	
kailuowang	nhcontrib	1	
ianjoyce	nhcontrib	0	Developer
gustavoringel	nhcontrib	0	Developer
fabiomaulo	nhcontrib	1	Developer
diegojancic	nhcontrib	0	Developer
darioquintana	nhcontrib	1	
chadly69	nhcontrib	0	Developer
ayenderahien	nhcontrib	1	
abombss	nhcontrib	0	Developer
mdsrlz	nhproviders	1	
phanto	nhibernateexten	1	
woil	nhibernate	0	Developer
tjb300	nhibernate	0	
szoke	nhibernate	0	
pwistrand	nhibernate	0	
phatcher	nhibernate	0	
mthird	nhibernate	0	
mikedoerfler	nhibernate	0	Developer
luggage	nhibernate	0	
kpixel	nhibernate	1	Developer
kevinwilliams	nhibernate	0	
karlchu	nhibernate	1	Developer
justme84	nhibernate	1	Developer
johntmorris	nhibernate	0	
jimcool	nhibernate	0	
jerryshea2	nhibernate	0	
fabiomaulo	nhibernate	1	Developer
demanic	nhibernate	0	
darioquintana	nhibernate	0	Developer
crowdozer	nhibernate	0	Developer
ayenderahien	nhibernate	1	Developer
gurumuhk	ngsdk	1	Project Manager
performer24	ngmp	1	
nkast	nghe	1	
lucabar	ngenlib	1	
zirok	nftplib	1	
tdjordan	nfor	1	
uruz	nfop	1	
sobranis	nfop	0	Developer
pettys	nfop	1	
mrbool	nfop	0	Developer
kfoley05	nfop	1	Developer
eightfootplus	nfop	0	Developer
alan13	nfop	1	Developer
wardcunningham	nfit	0	All-Hands Person
wadsworth	nfit	0	Developer
stellsmi	nfit	1	All-Hands Person
smgf	nfit	1	
hafiz_a	nfit	0	Developer
ccnetlive	nfit	0	
bccryder	nfit	0	Developer
fangr	nfc	1	
arufanov	netanthill	1	
artcava	netchartcontrol	1	
nbandroidmodule	netbeansandroi	1	
schoeppchen	nextvision	1	Developer
mystik77	nextvision	1	Developer
dasilentstorm	nextvision	1	Developer
hbro	newsclass	1	
newman64	newmansort	1	
bkliewer	newfieq	1	
bkliewer	newfel	1	
hollstegge	neutrino-php	1	
nerochiaro	neuros	1	Developer
john_quigley	neuros	1	Developer
joeborn	neuros	1	Project Manager
dollzerr	neuros	0	Developer
derobert	neuros	1	Developer
crweb	neuros	0	Developer
dominik74	neuronalnet	1	
digitalart	neurolib	1	
timtw	neunit	1	
rvlieshout	neunit	1	Developer
pedro	netxx	1	
ddent	netxplode	1	All-Hands Person
mraq	netx	1	
steelman06	networkmonitor	1	No specific role
mdayyaz	networkmonitor	1	
stuartharper	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
softming	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
shake234	nettasksforidea	1	
aefimov	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
rsteckel	netstreams	1	
aferende	netsqlazman	1	
pwelter34	netspell	1	Developer
camusatan	netservos	1	Project Manager
wcaputo	netreflector	0	Developer
stellsmi	netreflector	0	Developer
mpandersen	netreflector	0	Developer
exortech	netreflector	1	
ccnetlive	netreflector	0	
hirion	netpp	1	
yasmanidis	netloader	1	Project Manager
ktram	netloader	0	Developer
flatko	netloader	0	Developer
tommulgrew	netlib4games	1	
bluecoat93	netdevicelib	1	
pilsator	netdeserialize	1	Developer
orschaer	netdeserialize	1	Developer
neillm	netclass	1	
solo95	netaop	1	
wroth	net-freedb	0	Developer
jzawodn	net-freedb	0	Developer
arnuga	net-freedb	1	Developer
scapenet	net-edit	1	Project Manager
felgon	net-edit	1	Developer
gbaguy	neside	1	
neillm	neshare	1	
robertguite	nesdevkit	1	Developer
mekanizer	nesdevkit	1	Project Manager
kelticdanor	nesdevkit	0	Web Designer
bok	neptune	1	
tpecorella	nepsing	1	Project Manager
rer	neoview	1	
rlundy	neosdoc	1	Project Manager
reardentech	neosdoc	0	Web Designer
passedtime	neosdoc	0	Developer
cpousset	neorms	1	
neora	neora	1	
xycuervo	neonate	0	Support Manager
clockmaker_69	neonate	1	Developer
robr182	neolib	1	Project Manager
knisterpeter	neoengine	1	Project Manager
kmullis	neoengine	0	Developer
fluoro	neoengine	1	Project Manager
bsod	neoengine	0	Developer
arithon	neoengine	1	Developer
farnaud	nenie	1	
ericb	nenie	1	Developer
civphp	nemesisplus	1	Developer
st0ke	nelit2e	1	Developer
mguillem	nekohtml	1	Project Manager
andyc2	nekohtml	1	
ned14	nedmalloc	1	
sleem	nedlib	1	
daronin	ne7ssh	1	
voins	ndk-xx	0	Developer
mpinkas	ndk-xx	1	
ievlev	ndk-xx	1	Developer
dr1982	ndeploy	1	
mrtidy	ndbunit	1	
mars-man	ndbunit	1	
neemailrcv	ndbaccess	1	
vamsi_ram	ndal	0	Developer
pkirk25	ndal	0	Developer
meddochat	ndal	1	
dhwani	ndal	0	Developer
strfrank	ncsvlib	1	
nicolascros	ncprogs	1	
vlm	ncnf	1	
slcotten	ncline	1	
ericxxx	nchc-gridutil	1	
trent_millar	nchain	0	Developer
plpasta	nchain	1	Developer
breaman	ncfunit	1	
lusse	ncdk	1	
ejbs	nbpp	1	
beroul	nbpp	1	All-Hands Person
kubacki	nbmousewheel	1	
jocenildo	nbmentawai	1	
lancillotto	nblookup	1	
nbjayme	nbjsaint	1	
navicore	navicore	1	
scitech-states	navi-project	1	
tgideon	navel	1	
s003apr	navdb	1	Project Manager
thusted	nausicaa	0	Support Manager
sellig	nausicaa	1	Project Manager
jkchan6	naturallangcode	1	
rich_vera	nattable	0	Developer
rachen	nattable	0	Developer
jdrbc	nattable	0	Developer
fyuxml	nattable	0	Developer
esp1971	nattable	1	Developer
c8133594	nattable	0	Developer
andyfai	nattable	1	Developer
akratas	nattable	0	Developer
sprovencher	nato	1	No specific role
tradams	nativeswt	0	
sandrobh	nativeswt	1	Developer
sagex	nativeswt	0	
cesarmello	nativeswt	1	
groovounet	nat	1	
linarms	nasperreports	1	
softwarekoch	napt	1	
maralo	napt	0	Developer
meddochat	napoleon	1	
napkindrawing	napkinlaf	0	Developer
kcrca	napkinlaf	1	Project Manager
greggwon	napkinlaf	0	Developer
cybercerberus	napkinlaf	0	Developer
alexlamsl	napkinlaf	0	Developer
zer0wing	napkin42	1	
ryanryan	napkin42	0	Developer
frank-mlc	napkin42	0	Developer
papit01	napai	1	
jens_bergstrom	nantvisual	1	
cyberelf	nanoxml	1	
gerlach	nanoterm	1	Project Manager
tirsen	nanning	1	
lecando	nanning	1	
nandof	nandof	1	
namaless	namaless	1	
jarbaby	nagiosappender	1	
imerani	nachocalendar	1	
abhijat	na-setools	1	
zmn	n30-cms	1	All-Hands Person
don_xml	n-matrix	1	Project Manager
dcazzulino	n-matrix	1	
rikesh	n-able	1	All-Hands Person
darreng	n-able	1	
twm	rxlib	1	Project Manager
scottgblood	rxlib	1	Project Manager
sbogus6	rxlib	0	Developer
legolas558	rwops	1	All-Hands Person
ethdra	rwl	1	
legolas558	rwini	1	
rpjava6tr	rwfile-java	1	
pfryan	rvtest	1	Developer
mojo_kg	rvtest	0	Developer
markpollack	rvtest	1	
m2ward	rvtest	0	
bpettichord	rvtest	0	
davidktw	ruv	1	
bigmaliang	rur	1	
onno2	rupwiki	1	
pzoio	runutils	1	
wphule	runesword	0	Developer
wilbur_whatley	runesword	0	Developer
vampiricdread	runesword	1	Project Manager
titi_angola	runesword	1	Developer
paleot	runesword	0	Doc Writer
montellano	runesword	1	Content Management
manikus	runesword	0	Web Designer
ephestion	runesword	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crosscutgames	runesword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
corporatedog	runesword	1	Project Manager
borfaux	runesword	1	Developer
rawler	runestone	1	
gigidrag	rundolibrary	1	
rumbehant	rulib	1	
billiamr	rulib	0	
ingemarsvensson	rule4j	1	
mwdiablo	rugby-scrum	1	
ruda	rudix	1	
mused	rudiments	1	
thomas	rubyzip	1	
technorama	rubyzip	0	Developer
rfzabick	rubyrefactor	1	
redsquirrel	rubyrefactor	1	All-Hands Person
watsonmw	rubyqt	1	
touleontos	rubypython	1	
pawelb0	rubyplugin	1	
thetitan	rubynet	1	All-Hands Person
pate	rubynet	1	Developer
leavengood	rubynet	0	Developer
dsafari2000	rubynet	1	Developer
robmckinnon	rubyjedit	1	
leavengood	rubygems	1	
zdennis	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
tcorbat	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
mnaglik	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
mirkostocker	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
mbarchfe	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
jasonpmorrison	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
dcorbin	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
cawilliams	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
carter_sanders	rubyeclipse	0	No specific role
callandor1983	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
awilliams	rubyeclipse	1	
thetitan	rubydoc	1	All-Hands Person
reeb	rubycube	1	
goodtouch	rubycube	1	Developer
tburks	rubycocoa	0	Developer
psychs	rubycocoa	0	Developer
paisleyj	rubycocoa	0	Developer
lrz	rubycocoa	1	Developer
kimuraw	rubycocoa	0	Developer
jusansai	rubycocoa	0	Developer
hisa	rubycocoa	1	Developer
encyte	rubycocoa	0	Developer
el_oy	rubycocoa	0	Developer
chrismcg	rubycocoa	0	Developer
cho45	rubycocoa	0	Developer
clpoda	rubyboot	1	
jecain	ruby9i	1	
dney	ruby-xlib-wrap	1	
cjs	ruby-radclient	1	
ttate	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
mendyke	ruby-fltk	0	Developer
jeremy_henty	ruby-fltk	1	Project Manager
thetitan	ruby-dbi	0	
mneumann	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
fhwang	ruby-dbi	1	All-Hands Person
rreive	rtusd	1	Project Manager
jbischof	rtusd	0	
rtwede	rttrace	1	
gerald_brandt	rtracker	1	
sspielman	rtpdemo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
srinivs	rtpdemo	0	Developer
slakhani	rtpdemo	0	Developer
mjla	rtpdemo	0	
kidambhi	rtpdemo	0	
keertipai	rtpdemo	0	Developer
hdeo	rtpdemo	1	Developer
glancef	rtpdemo	0	Developer
darkmaterial	rtpdemo	0	Developer
aperepel	rtpdemo	1	Project Manager
amangla	rtpdemo	0	Developer
rguetlein	rtos167	1	
lasthope83	rtm-net	1	
tootix	rtlcheck	1	
space2	rtk	0	Developer
leka	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
laza2000	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
dlozanovic	rtk	0	Developer
dejan	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
svv07	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
stepagweb	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sonyichi	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sonny_susanto	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sbrownii	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
robert_futrell	rtext	1	
pivwan	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
phrodo	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
liuxx	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
linostar	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
leandrolameiro	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
haruis	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
flatron123	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davydov	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakcayir	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bikerpete	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sbosanquet	rt-tdsc	1	Developer
dot79	rsyncplugin	1	
ralex	rstplib	1	
mharhen	rsstaglib	1	
karfai	rssq	1	
borkofnick	rssq	0	Developer
cyborch	rsqlserial	1	
maxtors	rspe	1	Developer
javmuch	rspe	1	Developer
tritchey	rrspreadsheet	1	
otusweb	rrspreadsheet	1	Developer
w3bma5t3r	rr-installer	1	
winterguy142	rpy	0	Developer
warnes	rpy	1	Project Manager
wall_m	rpy	1	Developer
timc	rpy	0	Developer
lgautier	rpy	0	Developer
jtriedl	rpy	0	
hogend	rpy	0	Developer
fobdwarf_random	rpy	0	Developer
eddelbuettel	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bpeng2000	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
belopolsky	rpy	0	Developer
andrewmcnamara	rpy	0	Developer
alain001	rpy	0	Developer
rpmwiki	rpmwiki	1	
naomi_2005	rpg-maker	0	Developer
jeisen	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
bobsson	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
geoff_youngs	rox-ruby	1	
wc2so1	roundup	0	Developer
tuhtah	roundup	0	Developer
tobias-herp	roundup	0	Developer
stefan	roundup	0	Developer
schlatterbeck	roundup	0	Developer
richard	roundup	1	Developer
jpend	roundup	0	Developer
jlgijsbers	roundup	0	Developer
fresh	roundup	0	Developer
forsberg	roundup	0	Developer
drkorg	roundup	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	roundup	1	Developer
a1s	roundup	0	Developer
erose	roundtrip	0	
colinmacleod	roundtrip	1	
philipnet	rotils	1	
fku	rotflogger	1	All-Hands Person
j_wicks	rosettawerks	1	All-Hands Person
anantv	rosettawerks	0	Developer
pwallimann	rosettast	0	Developer
odelljl	rosettast	0	Developer
jpelrine	rosettast	1	All-Hands Person
root123	root123dummy	1	
holczhammer	root123dummy	1	Developer
snoopdave	roller	1	Project Manager
mraible	roller	0	Developer
lavandowska	roller	0	Developer
baudrate	roller	0	Developer
aim4min	roller	0	
upoopoo	roger3d	1	
tshoang	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
thanik	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
qmalik	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
nicolas_beauger	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
mleuschel	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
mehta	rodin-b-sharp	0	
maryah	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
lvoisin	rodin-b-sharp	1	Project Manager
jolilius	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
jbendisposto	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
jastram	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
jabrial	rodin-b-sharp	0	Tester
halstefa	rodin-b-sharp	1	Developer
dissemination	rodin-b-sharp	1	Distributor/Promoter
cmv205	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
clabaut	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
chrimetayer	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
cfsnook	rodin-b-sharp	0	
beatboxrocka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
arequet	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aptillman	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aniaouris	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
a_gilles	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aenbacka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
exortech	rodent	1	
quietboil	rococo	1	No specific role
spheret	rockspace	1	
bango	rockspace	0	Developer
rodhyde	robocode2	0	Developer
davidalves	robocode2	1	
omgkenny	robocells	1	Project Manager
matthias_veit	robjectteam	1	
tonyvdh	ro-oslib	1	Project Manager
thughes	ro-oslib	1	Developer
jtytgat	ro-oslib	1	Developer
snhes	rmcollegial	1	Project Manager
la_virtud	rm2k-rpgfactory	1	
kmiriri	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	
jabam	rm2k-rpgfactory	0	
matthias_veit	rlogview	1	
woobster	rlib	1	Project Manager
stilden	rlib	0	Doc Writer
rkratz	rlib	0	Doc Writer
pjanoski	rlib	0	Developer
mroth_sicom	rlib	0	All-Hands Person
eburuschkin	rlib	0	All-Hands Person
chet99	rlib	1	Developer
bobnsicom	rlib	0	Developer
rajeshtongia	rlframework	1	Project Manager
lajwantidoshi	rlframework	0	Developer
jgangemi	rlabels	1	
googolminex	ritopt	1	Project Manager
ijeffray	riscos-constant	0	Developer
gerph	riscos-constant	1	
diodesign	riscos-constant	0	Graphic/Other Designer
jbrewer	ripsaw	1	
yildiray	rideproject	1	
tuncnamli	rideproject	1	Developer
alperok	rideproject	1	Developer
michaelleung	ride-me	1	
conceptjunkie	ricklib	1	
jmenard	rice	1	
rzvdaniel	ricas	0	Developer
capcaunul	ricas	1	
stevebaer	rhinoplugins	1	
golsby	rhinoplugins	1	
fredkwok	rhea	1	Developer
decelerate	rhea	1	Project Manager
slisznianski	rhascheduler	1	
rhaco	rhaco	1	Project Manager
kaiousama	rgnome	1	
gbergling	rgnome	1	
monora	rgl	1	
heavenzen	rforge	1	
cwaldbieser	registrywalker	1	
thomas_scholl	reactiveplot	1	
njwhite	reactiveplot	1	Developer
sheinv	rectutils	1	
rezzie	rezziesoft	1	All-Hands Person
austria_ttk	rexxeclipse	1	
rexem	rexedit	1	
unclouded	rexc	1	
gaurav_oberoi	reviewmonk	0	Developer
cmrodgers	reviewmonk	1	Developer
billmonkscott	reviewmonk	1	
wakamikaze	revelationp	1	Developer
thiagocorrea	revelationp	1	
gissi	revelationp	1	Project Manager
albert254	reveil	1	
axisk	revbeans	1	
yurixz	reusecenter	0	
sindolfo	reusecenter	1	
josejorgejr	reusecenter	0	
puneetjains	resumesonrails	1	
phoink	resultsetmapper	1	
nwhitehorn	resourcer	1	
s_kruk	resourcepocket	1	
ejakowatz	resourcer	0	Developer
ewelina_kruk	resourcepocket	0	Content Management
mcfletch	resourcepackage	1	
witness	resknife	1	Developer
ucbmike	resknife	0	Developer
raving	resknife	0	Developer
phildev	resknife	0	Developer
nickshanks	resknife	1	Project Manager
mfnickster	resknife	0	
castiglione	resknife	0	Developer
ariossw	resknife	0	Developer
olexandr_syd	resex	1	
paour	resbundleedit	1	
magiconair	resbundleedit	1	
rb272213	reqwishlist	1	
abbasi_4	requisito	1	
jastram	reqtrack	1	
sbastrup	reqsimile	0	Developer
mengland	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
johannod	reqsimile	1	
mault	reqsman	1	All-Hands Person
gervasi	reqsimile	0	Developer
d00yt	reqsimile	0	Developer
silptur	req2sqlservlet	1	
saettaz	reptool	1	
gonnot	repoweb	1	
waldopanozo	reportux	1	
tborras	reports	0	Developer
scapel	reports	1	
dragoshbalan	reportengine	1	
scmccarthy	reportbuilder	0	
technoguru	report	0	Developer
integraas	reportbuilder	1	
spirig	report	0	Developer
otto_mayer	report	1	
martin_messerli	report	0	Developer
rpillai	repo2files	0	Developer
lookm	repo2files	1	Project Manager
lop	repo	1	
mgroner	replipool	1	
slupix	rep-tile	1	
hauptman_n	rendertech	1	
antares4berlin	rendertech	1	All-Hands Person
nowhere-man	remoteupdate	0	Developer
mibraun	remoteupdate	1	
derkilian	remoteupdate	0	Developer
sh3r3d3r	remotedb	1	Project Manager
airliner83	remotedb	1	
xmasterx	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tremchez	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
the_guy	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tbrannam	remotecalendars	0	Developer
spacemanspiff76	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sergiogg	remotecalendars	0	Developer
rpsenicnik	remotecalendars	0	Graphic/Other Designer
reactiva	remotecalendars	0	Developer
niels--v	remotecalendars	0	Developer
lightangel	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
lasthope83	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
jxmaster	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juanrazeto	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
juanjosaurio	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
igra	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
halleck2	remotecalendars	0	Developer
gabrielezannoni	remotecalendars	1	Project Manager
eggeroliver	remotecalendars	0	Developer
codepoet80	remotecalendars	0	Developer
catoauestad	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakcayir	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
asbjornbiz	remotecalendars	0	Developer
alejsama	remoteapps	1	
zardozwildman	reliquary	1	Project Manager
dancoulter	release	1	
erikpoupaert	relartist	1	
vertleyb	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
darapov	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
krakengore	rejuce	1	
reichs	reichs	1	
reikes	regxml	1	
yakovsh	regxmaker	1	Project Manager
nyxtom	regwizard	1	Developer
cyberkruz	regwizard	1	Project Manager
royosherove	regulator	1	
frooyo	regressie	1	
zaemin	registar	1	
murrayc	regexxer	1	
daniel_e	regexxer	1	Developer
swaldman	regexviewer	1	
yorek	regextest	1	
chousz	regexpplugin	1	
vpense	regexplorer	0	
rfreitas	regexplorer	0	
mariuss	regexplorer	1	
marconi	regexplorer	0	
amos	regexplorer	1	
mcomtois	regexcreator	1	Developer
anazimok	regexbdr	1	
funnyman3595	regex-garden	1	
bgarst	regex-demon	1	
r4z0r7o3	regeks	1	
sixxgate	regclass	1	
dllaurence	reflex	1	
riffraff	reflection	1	
casper_biever	reflection	1	
artemave	refine	1	
mailund	refchecker	1	Project Manager
freekerf	refchecker	0	Developer
ager	refchecker	0	Developer
walbergcaribe	refactory	0	Developer
thbo	refactory	1	Developer
tayannasotero	refactory	0	Project Manager
renatamrc	refactory	0	Developer
rafael_oliveira	refactory	0	Developer
kvalcanti	refactory	0	Developer
kemylle	refactory	0	Developer
fabriciodias	refactory	0	Developer
eduardocruz	refactory	1	
ecmoraes	refactory	0	Developer
ducaribas	refactory	1	Developer
brjmelo	refactory	0	No specific role
markoschulz	ref-planner	1	
e_the_sad	redundantdb	1	
vjoel	redshift	1	Developer
jplang	redmine	1	
redm	redmcalclib	1	
josuecp	redline	1	
sfaubel	redland-cpp	1	
sbyholm	redbasil	1	
martinkozak	redbase	1	All-Hands Person
drake42	recurrance	1	
mattyh	rectify	1	
lucaferr	recaptcha-jca	1	
vokal3900	rebot	0	Tester
t65w9k	rebot	1	Unix Admin
thebosm	reb	1	
michaelh	reattore	1	
davison	reattore	0	Developer
whayworth	reap	1	
granvil	realpaver	1	
xeonx	realmforge	1	Project Manager
najak	realmforge	0	Developer
dannomite	realmforge	0	Developer
tylertravis	realmethods	1	Project Manager
thenewone	realmethods	0	Developer
rmsupport	realmethods	0	Developer
rmdevteam	realmethods	0	Developer
djain	realmethods	0	
dbrutus	realcalendar	1	
roarl	real-java	1	
snevine	reak-xml	0	Tester
brachiocephalic	reak-xml	1	
ftobin	readyexec	1	All-Hands Person
bluefoxicy	readahead-ng	1	
gballet	rdtracker	1	
jccq	rdfx	0	Developer
ear1grey	rdfx	1	
yonas_jongkind	rdftwig	0	Developer
nwalsh	rdftwig	1	
dirkx	rdfstore	1	Developer
areggiori	rdfstore	1	Developer
xamde	rdf2go	1	
r0mi	rdevelopp	1	
knavery	rdbrowse	1	
sylfra	rcopier	1	
xkr47	rconed	0	Developer
far2fish	rconed	0	Developer
deaded	rconed	1	Project Manager
davyboy79	rconed	0	Developer
underdark	rclass	1	Project Manager
mock	rccparser	0	No specific role
frehe	rccparser	0	No specific role
vverestiuc	rborb	1	
tummen	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
sascha_leib	rbopensource	1	
ramindia	rbopensource	1	Developer
pedrofp	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
fbitterlich	rbopensource	1	Project Manager
dsomar	rbopensource	0	Developer
wayned	rbmake	1	
rrindels	rb37	1	
benwheatley	rb-string-ext	1	
wdierkes	rb-parseconfig	1	
esavard	railsportable	1	
marcusd	ratestharness	1	Project Manager
danwinfield	ratestharness	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
major_77	rarm	0	Analysis / Design
contezero	rarm	1	Project Manager
message	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
matrice64	raptorplatform	1	Developer
jaykul	raptorplatform	1	Project Manager
ignatich	raptorplatform	0	Developer
rapiersoft	rapiercpp	1	Developer
kaalus	rapidxml	1	
amitkirdatt	ranjan	1	
lostinet	rane	1	
joniyoon	randservice	1	Developer
jojoeyoon	randservice	1	Developer
jimmiyoon	randservice	1	Developer
drwye	randservice	1	All-Hands Person
rampart	rampart	1	
shvictor	rampart-toolkit	1	Project Manager
olegoga	rampart-toolkit	1	Developer
boris_daich	rampart-toolkit	1	
ramnathk	ramnathk	1	
scottc1976	rambutan	0	Editorial/Content Writer
cutecoder	rambutan	1	
blankz	rambutan	0	Content Management
levous	rallyvsnetaddin	1	
solarhess	rally-software	1	Developer
michael_masters	rally-software	1	Developer
mark_j_ringer	rally-software	1	
alan_brockett	rally-software	1	Developer
e2morgan	rakurai	1	
voloda	raklib	1	
erikhix	rainforest	1	
marcosffm	rainbow-eiffel	0	Developer
byan	rainbow-eiffel	1	Project Manager
tkarr	raid	1	Developer
avanosdale	raid	1	
vtom	raftnet	1	Developer
tomsnyers	raftnet	1	Developer
stijnsymons	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
mleeman	raftnet	1	All-Hands Person
miekeleeman	raftnet	1	Developer
deflorio	raftnet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
markus-karg	rafc	1	Project Manager
mteel	radlib	1	
mteel	radlib-gpl	1	Project Manager
gmcsw3	radis3	1	
vamp201	rachel	1	
ankhcraft	rabl	1	
raich	rabbitdev	1	
jimwet	rabbitdev	1	Developer
ijadb	rabbitdev	1	Developer
roscoerush	r2tech-eclipse	1	
rjan	r-osgi	1	Project Manager
dullerm	r-osgi	0	Developer
tobias_verbeke	r-java-inf	1	All-Hands Person
loko	r-java-inf	1	All-Hands Person
smcardle	wlst	1	
kazkad	wmclasses	1	
mikefinn	wmqtools	1	Developer
robbn	wmqtools	0	Developer
jvaranda	wmscc	1	Developer
mark_postal	wmscc	1	Developer
dmitrykukushkin	wmsigner-dotnet	1	
eagleas	wmsigner	1	
dsuch	wmunit	1	Developer
piotrszulawski	wmunit	0	Developer
radziob	wmunit	1	Developer
simcha	wmunit	1	Developer
dkameleon	wmxi	1	
eagleas	wmxi	1	
maks_polunin	wmxml	1	
jake_phillips	wnetwork	1	
bbou	wnjn	1	Developer
jhanna777	wob	1	
goranbacklund	wolfram	1	Developer
magnushult	wolfram	1	Project Manager
digisnap	wonderlib	1	
fsgiudice	woopgui	1	Project Manager
benizi	wordnet	1	
pronovic	wordutils	1	Developer
ragibson	wordutils	1	Developer
mbcolbert	workflow4j	0	All-Hands Person
oscarhsieh	workflow4j	1	All-Hands Person
arminc	workingcode	1	
fdominguez	workingcode	1	Developer
mwagner	worklog	1	
ydna	worklog	1	No specific role
ddomingos	worksco	0	Developer
eemg	worksco	0	Developer
gedl	worksco	0	Developer
jbmar	worksco	1	Project Manager
jotacosta	worksco	0	
pmrsa	worksco	0	Developer
ptrlv	worksco	1	Project Manager
s_fernandes	worksco	1	Project Manager
matlackb	workzen	1	
cgruber	wotonomy	1	Project Manager
chochos	wotonomy	0	Developer
dongzhiwang	wotonomy	0	Developer
mpowers	wotonomy	1	Developer
under_score	wotonomy	0	Developer
dfrolov	wounittest	1	Developer
mbushkov	wounittest	1	Developer
pekeler	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
sogino	wounittest	1	All-Hands Person
galik	wotcoa	1	
sinuscom	wp-thebookmarks	1	
blabos	wpgdb	1	
amohombe	wrad	1	
aigan	wraf	1	Project Manager
mortenson	wrapper	1	All-Hands Person
mlamouri	wrathsound	1	
tianchao	wsag4globus	1	
iangm	wsal	1	
dagger_ar	wsaver	1	
obrand	wsdl4reg	1	Project Manager
almskou	wsis	0	Developer
cen1	wsis	0	Developer
chch01ae	wsis	0	Developer
christianbo	wsis	0	Developer
jonas_kortsen	wsis	0	Developer
kah_esl	wsis	0	
martinschoeberl	wsis	1	Project Manager
milbak	wsis	0	Developer
mortenokholm	wsis	0	Developer
nielswahlgreen	wsis	0	Developer
nomisand	wsis	0	Developer
pcm79	wsis	0	Developer
sorenkrabbe	wsis	0	Developer
sval	wsis	0	Developer
thol01ab	wsis	0	Developer
troelsn	wsis	0	Developer
vsis2	wsis	1	
kurakin	wsjl	1	
dharampal	wslin	1	
gangadharj	wslin	0	Developer
manjahs	wslin	0	Developer
sidda	wslin	0	Developer
btompkins	wsmq	1	
wspace	wspace	1	
ieure	wsre	1	Developer
nkirsch	wsre	1	
wickedsmoke	wsrebol	1	
newz2000	wtf-engine	1	
arnavpoch	wtl	0	Developer
bviksoe	wtl	0	Developer
daniel_bowen	wtl	1	Developer
dineshkaushal	wtl	0	Developer
dusanjovanovic	wtl	0	Developer
encapsule	wtl	1	Developer
gilad_no	wtl	1	Developer
isemenov	wtl	0	
itandetnik	wtl	0	Developer
jim_barry	wtl	0	Developer
jimspr	wtl	0	Developer
johndiii	wtl	0	Developer
jonrosy	wtl	0	Support Manager
joshheitzman	wtl	0	Developer
lilsroro	wtl	0	Developer
nenadstefanovic	wtl	1	Developer
rverhoef	wtl	0	Developer
tltabor	wtl	0	
xushiwei	wtl	0	
acsirmaz	wtrack	1	
laufont	wui	1	All-Hands Person
wmaguire	wui	1	
coreyti	wuiv	1	
blues-man	www-sms	0	Developer
board707	www-sms	0	Developer
danilopiazza	www-sms	0	Developer
eim	www-sms	1	Project Manager
fmarzocca	www-sms	0	Developer
giulienk	www-sms	1	Project Manager
goghata	www-sms	0	Developer
initself	www-sms	0	Developer
kratochvil	www-sms	0	Developer
nicodds	www-sms	0	Developer
peteragarwal	www-sms	0	Developer
cperdue	wwwapp	1	
iv-cap1	wxagent	1	Project Manager
admorgan	wxart2d	0	Developer
baxissimo	wxart2d	0	Developer
dimitrishortcut	wxart2d	0	Developer
frm	wxart2d	0	Developer
kbluck	wxart2d	0	Developer
kire_putsje	wxart2d	0	Developer
klion	wxart2d	0	Developer
msoegtrop	wxart2d	0	
titato	wxart2d	1	Project Manager
mgilfix	wxcolourchooser	1	
ckodonnell	wxcurl	1	Project Manager
mvalerio	wxcurl	0	Developer
ryanwilcox	wxcurl	0	Developer
afb	wxd	1	Developer
berobero	wxd	1	
spicerun	wxdevelstudio	1	Developer
abbra11	wxdevide	1	Unix Admin
adamkg	wxdevide	0	
spicerun	wxdevstudio	1	Developer
buildere	wxdsgn	1	Developer
gururamnath	wxdsgn	1	Developer
kinming	wxdsgn	0	Developer
ninjanl	wxdsgn	1	Support Manager
sof_t	wxdsgn	0	Support Manager
specu	wxdsgn	0	No specific role
tbreina	wxdsgn	1	Developer
warlock24	wxeclipse	1	
abhinav_kr	wxedi	0	Developer
manisys	wxedi	1	
kentropy	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
koansoftware	wxembedded	1	Project Manager
cklester	wxeuphoria	0	Doc Writer
ghaberek	wxeuphoria	0	Developer
jaygade	wxeuphoria	0	Developer
mattlewis	wxeuphoria	1	All-Hands Person
mwsgris	wxeuphoria	0	Developer
iv-cap1	wxex	1	Project Manager
frm	wxextended	1	Developer
markmccormack	wxextended	1	Project Manager
spooker	wxextended	1	Developer
abenitez69	wxfp	1	
hansvl	wxguide	0	Developer
wyo	wxguide	1	
afyzendo	wxhaskell	0	Developer
dleijen	wxhaskell	1	Developer
jodonoghue	wxhaskell	1	
kowey	wxhaskell	1	Project Manager
martijnislief	wxhaskell	0	Developer
shelarcy	wxhaskell	1	
supermule	wxhaskell	1	
wjsuijle	wxhaskell	0	Developer
dbryson	wxia	1	
terrelshumway	wxidle	1	
vince74	wxidle	0	Web Designer
deadserious	wxnet	0	Developer
gbche	wxnet	0	Developer
harald_meyer	wxnet	1	Developer
jameswdumay	wxnet	0	Project Manager
kimoj	wxnet	0	Developer
malenfant	wxnet	0	Developer
nummish	wxnet	0	Developer
olkalex	wxnet	0	Developer
roebling	wxnet	0	Developer
rpodgorny	wxnet	1	Developer
stahta01	wxnet	0	Developer
t9mike	wxnet	1	Developer
wxnetadmin	wxnet	0	
linmain	wxplotterwindow	1	
mcfletch	wxpypropdist	1	
chrishbarker	wxpystonesoup	0	Developer
kollivier	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
robind	wxpystonesoup	1	Developer
iv-cap1	wxscript	1	Project Manager
lafriks	wxsoap	1	
blackpaw	wxsqlite	1	
psiegmund	wxsqlite	0	
asnyatkov	wxtl	1	Developer
hiscapness	wxtl	0	Developer
jimdaubert	wxtl	1	Developer
jlyonsmith	wxtl	1	Developer
jmaver	wxtl	0	Developer
pdm	wxtl	0	Developer
alik	wxtoolbox	1	
abxabx	wxtv	1	
ntalex	wxvillalib	1	
malat	wxvtk	1	Project Manager
kollivier	wxwebkit	1	Developer
vaclavslavik	wxwebkit	0	Developer
alexph	wxxcd	0	Developer
edrin_t	wxxcd	1	
tilly_2	u-toolz	1	
jlaangry	u3apps	1	
u6k	u6k-incubator	1	
clansfor	uacm	0	Developer
scott_schrecken	uacm	1	Project Manager
dragontunguk	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
duncan	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
ivan_r_moore	uberunit	1	
andyhubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Developer
neilwubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Project Manager
ubmatrix-xbrl	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	
dl748	ubuilder	1	
cxbest	uced	0	
dnair	uced	0	Developer
firefly07	uced	0	Developer
mohamedmansour	uced	0	
ssteph	uced	1	
cyclonurb	uceditor	1	
dokterx	uceditor	0	
iainmcgin	uceditor	1	Project Manager
jay_clark	uceditor	0	Developer
jerome-x	uceditor	1	
christianhjw	uci	1	Developer
cookieman_k	uci	1	Developer
foogod	uci	1	Project Manager
suiryc	uci	0	Developer
damyot	ucmexporter	0	
jamel_hassine	ucmexporter	0	
shleh	ucmexporter	1	
dyfet	ucommon	1	
dbjh	ucon64	1	Developer
johndie	ucon64	0	Developer
jwjw	ucon64	0	Developer
noisyb	ucon64	1	Developer
trgse	ucon64	0	Developer
gabriel_bornia	ucpapyrus	1	
rottmann	ucxx	1	
chamibang	uddp	0	Developer
pondu	uddp	1	
pdovydaitis	udengine	1	
kckrinke	udpm	1	Project Manager
digitalart	udsl	1	
brunorezende	uemr	1	Project Manager
carlosmurray	uemr	1	Project Manager
eaugsten	uemr	1	Project Manager
mbax	uemr	1	
kevinrosenberg	uffi	1	
ferraro	ufsc	1	Project Manager
cptfuture	ugt	1	
uhfadmin	uhf-project	1	
paralizer	uhook	1	
conjurer	uidk	1	
chrriis	uihierarchy	1	
peastman	uikit	1	
jo_vermeulen	uimldotnet	0	Developer
kluyten	uimldotnet	1	
takis	uimldotnet	0	Developer
axis3x3	uireview	1	
fasten	ujemacs	1	
ruixing123	uldod	1	
rhallier	ultim	1	Project Manager
wsonic	ultim	0	Developer
ajs84	ultrazig	1	
exophase	ultrazig	0	Developer
macgyver014	ultrazig	1	Project Manager
halo09	uma	1	Project Manager
rampart	uma	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
jsheets	umber	1	
omee	umbertoo	1	
feod	umds	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ilgizar	umds	1	Project Manager
lomark	umds	1	No specific role
mandry	umds	1	Project Manager
zhjwp	umemory	1	
nrivard	uml-xchange	1	
donnie_darko	uml	1	Developer
gis	uml	0	Developer
gmadrigal	uml	0	Developer
jkrueger1	uml	0	Developer
jriddell	uml	1	Project Manager
lparrab	uml	0	Developer
okellogg	uml	1	
paza	uml	0	Developer
phensgen	uml	1	
sharanrao	uml	1	
wturkal	uml	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
acsacs	uml4j	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
caique	uml4j	0	Requirements Engineering
cristianivilela	uml4j	0	Developer
fernandolerner	uml4j	1	Project Manager
galttar	uml4j	1	Project Manager
marconidias	uml4j	0	Developer
massayoshi	uml4j	0	Developer
mecva	uml4j	1	Project Manager
sandroj	uml4j	0	Developer
yorevs	uml4j	0	Developer
icurafu	umlaide	1	
pvlasov	umlapi	1	
friza	umldot	0	Developer
happytewf	umldot	0	Developer
isa1	umldot	0	Developer
javababa	umldot	0	Developer
jhenyal	umldot	1	Project Manager
bplasmeijer	umlsculptor	0	Developer
dgmg	umlsculptor	0	Developer
djolic	umlsculptor	0	Project Manager
guiremach	umlsculptor	0	Developer
gunner	umlsculptor	1	Project Manager
klhurley	umlsculptor	1	Developer
lemo	umlsculptor	1	All-Hands Person
muralimahesh	umlsculptor	0	Developer
nmurar01	umlsculptor	0	
rgsmith	umlsculptor	0	
rsendhil	umlsculptor	0	Developer
scoobie1	umlsculptor	0	Developer
wizatt	umlsculptor	0	
irenelo	umlvm	0	
kindshit	umlvm	0	
lsomchai	umlvm	0	Developer
weerasak	umlvm	1	
loic	unac	1	
davewraight	uncleunc	0	Developer
ulunum	uncleunc	1	Project Manager
elmuerte	uncodex	1	Developer
bakusf	underscormalloc	1	
chousz	undigester	1	
cupertinomir	unidapt	0	Developer
gfursin	unidapt	1	
sebpop	unidapt	0	
ma_reklov	unidbl	1	
alexis_wilke	unigw	1	
dooglio2	unigw	1	Developer
vetalix	unihighlighter	1	
hoehrmann	uninorm	1	
porton	uniparser	1	
legolas558	uniportio	1	All-Hands Person
dcook32p	unisef	1	
ishai	unitee	1	Unix Admin
odedblayer	unitee	0	Developer
guru_greg	unitest	1	No specific role
techentin	units	1	Project Manager
jonshute	unittest	1	
steveconlan	unittest	0	Developer
mrbbc	univerc	1	All-Hands Person
sachinspc1	univerc	0	Developer
bonk1138	unixnet	1	Project Manager
unmecenor	unmecenor	1	
cavalier	unpaste	1	
hiebel	unpic	0	Developer
rudnai	unpic	1	Project Manager
velco	unwind	1	
matrix--	unwritten	1	
someonesdad	unitscpp	1	
trudslev	uoaid	1	Project Manager
aldettmer	uopl	0	
bsstmiller	uopl	1	Project Manager
dlandi	uopl	0	Developer
elitedev	uopl	0	
gwardell	uopl	0	Developer
laotze	uopl	0	Doc Writer
martijntonies	uopl	0	Developer
oro06	uopl	0	
tnt9062	updater	1	
andrei-catalin	upp	0	Developer
aris002	upp	0	Support Manager
bytefield	upp	0	Developer
ebo	upp	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
fallingdutch	upp	0	Developer
fidler	upp	1	
freetogo	upp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
hojtsy	upp	1	Web Designer
jancasper	upp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
masu08	upp	0	
mdelfede	upp	1	
mrjtuk	upp	0	Developer
ped7g	upp	0	Developer
rylek	upp	1	Developer
unodgs	upp	1	Developer
xmaldororx	upp	0	Developer
dbush01	uptimenotifier	1	Project Manager
tessein	uptimenotifier	1	
toanthrax	upxer	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
yetifoot	upxer	1	Project Manager
diilbert	upxgui	0	Developer
lowjoel	upxgui	1	Project Manager
dadutchman	urisyntaxcheck	1	
datawhore	urivalidator	1	
ivarch	urqm	1	
e_the_sad	urt	1	
dkcm	urlbuilder	1	
keidel	usarena	1	
vii	usb-robot	1	
abergler	usbindicator	1	
lpezet	usecase	1	
romaicus	usecase	0	Analysis / Design
seokjin	usemodj	1	
paulrene	usemon	1	
fellipeh	usercontrolpro	1	
pettys	userstorynet	1	Project Manager
reyes	ustring	1	
kchaddha	utctrackingtool	0	Developer
sakiv	utctrackingtool	1	Project Manager
emacla	utd	1	
uppal_s	uthread	1	
kidchaos2k6	uthreed	1	
rich_sposato	utilparsers	1	Project Manager
vaultedceilings	utils-php	1	
condordes	utk	1	
yevgenys	utm	1	
peterbraswell	utopx	1	
aanassar	utplsql	0	Developer
actiecon	utplsql	0	Developer
adinath_kamode	utplsql	0	Developer
antmo	utplsql	0	Developer
arun_bel	utplsql	0	
ashish_77	utplsql	0	Developer
biadev	utplsql	0	Developer
billp	utplsql	0	
bpoliako	utplsql	0	Developer
chrisrimmer	utplsql	0	Developer
cleveridea	utplsql	0	
cmarac	utplsql	0	Developer
dev_nv	utplsql	0	Developer
dhurley	utplsql	0	
dverrett	utplsql	0	Developer
ettukali	utplsql	0	Developer
gjjansen	utplsql	0	Developer
hplusplus	utplsql	0	Developer
jhofmann	utplsql	0	Developer
kamal_k_joshi	utplsql	0	Developer
kiates	utplsql	0	Developer
mvilrokx	utplsql	0	Developer
nataciakim	utplsql	0	Developer
nnan	utplsql	0	Developer
patch72	utplsql	1	Developer
pbarnes7	utplsql	0	Developer
pestacio	utplsql	0	Developer
plsqlguy	utplsql	1	
ramyaganti	utplsql	0	Developer
remcogoris	utplsql	0	Developer
rpirvu	utplsql	0	Developer
rpramod	utplsql	0	Developer
s_feuerstein	utplsql	0	
srinim	utplsql	0	Developer
studious	utplsql	0	Developer
tbcox23	utplsql	0	Developer
thalanki_naveen	utplsql	0	
venky11	utplsql	0	Developer
wtoddl	utplsql	0	
lpnotfr	utilmm	1	
lubin	uvc	1	
xiaohong	uvc	0	Developer
liton	uvfseditor	1	Project Manager
moinul	uvfseditor	0	Developer
urooj	uwin	1	
a1kmm	uxfc	1	
adb2001	uxlib	1	
jasonthereaper	h-xoops	1	Developer
leepard	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
migrosdata	h-xoops	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
smokingplane	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
xavipr	h-xoops	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hmcclungiii	h3xcel	1	
ferraro	ha-javamail	1	
ferraro	ha-jdbc	1	Project Manager
djerome	hackerlabs	1	
gaaseng	hackerlabs	1	
duncan_coutts	haide	1	Developer
josve	haide	1	
skurtzberg	haide	0	Developer
macro187	halfdecentsharp	1	
hambo_account	hambo	0	No specific role
zaheed	hambo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dredd	hammerhead	1	
etnt	hammerhead	1	
mdwyer	hammerhead	1	
nfx3	hammerhead	0	Developer
balareddy007	hammurapi	0	
dunai2004	hammurapi	0	
germinal	hammurapi	0	
jayramj	hammurapi	0	
joskulj	hammurapi	0	Developer
mucbj0	hammurapi	0	
pvlasov	hammurapi	1	
sglee77	hammurapi	0	
tasneem	hammurapi	0	Developer
tgtrspencer	hammurapi	0	
vpvaidya	hammurapi	0	
zilogger	hammurapi	0	
cismaru	hangman-ruby	1	
cayel	hanoi	0	Developer
tirsen	hanoi	1	Project Manager
doughellmann	happydoc	1	
krlosaqp	happydoc	0	
wrobell	happydoc	0	
roblez	harbourminigui	1	
bleything	harmonize	1	
mgl	harness	1	
mczard	harpoon	1	
ncopa	haserl-gnats	1	
bennygr	hashlib2plus	1	
rsynnott	hashman	1	
francescomele	hashmap-js	1	
wap-de	hashtree	1	
ashley-y	haskell-i18n	1	
norpan	haskell-i18n	1	
pesco	haskell-i18n	1	
abayley	haskell-libs	0	Developer
arnia	haskell-libs	0	Developer
astapov	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ben-franksen	haskell-libs	0	Developer
bring	haskell-libs	0	Developer
cql	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ddarius	haskell-libs	0	Developer
demoncrat	haskell-libs	0	Developer
dmoniz	haskell-libs	0	
eleganesh	haskell-libs	1	Developer
elmex	haskell-libs	0	Developer
eris	haskell-libs	1	Distributor/Promoter
grahamk	haskell-libs	0	
igloo	haskell-libs	0	
ijones	haskell-libs	1	
joe_thornber	haskell-libs	0	Developer
juhp	haskell-libs	1	Developer
kzm	haskell-libs	0	Developer
loganhanks	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
mlang	haskell-libs	0	Developer
msjogren	haskell-libs	0	
nerdlor	haskell-libs	0	
nibro	haskell-libs	0	Developer
nrut	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
oleg	haskell-libs	0	Developer
pesco	haskell-libs	0	Developer
peti	haskell-libs	0	Developer
polli	haskell-libs	0	Developer
pseudonym	haskell-libs	1	Developer
tetryl	haskell-libs	0	Developer
tmoertel	haskell-libs	0	
whee	haskell-libs	0	
bereza	haste	1	
carle	haste	1	Developer
davidcrosby	haste	1	Developer
gaffneyc	haste	1	
malles	haste	1	Developer
marsiglia	haste	1	Developer
nedric	haste	1	Developer
spiffy101a	haste	1	Developer
tenharmsel	haste	0	
anglewyrm	hat-container	1	
leventyildiz	hattat	1	
xored	hawk	1	
marcosgambeta	harbourboleto	0	
marioargon	harbourboleto	1	Project Manager
masturm	harbourboleto	1	Developer
ashley-y	hbase	1	
kleiner77	hbci4java	1	
generalpd	hbci4net	1	Project Manager
jcr13	hcsoftware	1	
las30	hcsoftware	0	Developer
iv-cap1	hcssdk	1	Project Manager
cehser	hddata	1	
dionadar	hddata	1	Developer
dylancm	hedgehog	1	Developer
reubgr	hedgehog	1	
hermosoft	hedit	1	
xengren	heliominitutor	1	
altamaiz	helloworld2	0	Developer
priyatam	helloworld2	1	
andre_savini	helpdesk1	0	
andre_viali	helpdesk1	1	
medjamaica	helpdesk1	1	Project Manager
tds_fasp	helpdesk1	1	Developer
bbadmin	helpgui	1	
leeper	helpgui	0	Developer
dwineman	herecast	0	Developer
mdpaciga	herecast	1	
athlonscripts	hermesweb	0	Developer
avz	hermesweb	0	
einhverfr	hermesweb	1	Project Manager
farmatyr	hermesweb	0	Developer
gunaaditya	hermesweb	0	Developer
henrycav	hermesweb	0	Tester
jameshoo	hermesweb	0	Developer
martoh	hermesweb	0	Tester
munchkinboy	hermesweb	0	Tester
neptune235	hermesweb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
netdb	hermesweb	0	Developer
qdiggityd	hermesweb	0	Developer
sapman	hermesweb	0	Developer
tallackn	hermesweb	0	Tester
cdiggins	heron	1	
mlybbert	heron	1	Project Manager
batyi	hessianpy	1	Developer
hevi	hevi	1	
candera	hex	1	All-Hands Person
tewald	hex	1	All-Hands Person
brianahr	hexane	1	
benh57	hexedit	0	Developer
bradman	hexedit	0	Developer
dan_morrow	hexedit	0	Developer
fingolfin	hexedit	0	Project Manager
nickshanks	hexedit	0	Developer
raving	hexedit	1	Project Manager
shadowknight23	hexedit	0	Developer
sieghard	hexedit	0	Developer
tomplus	hexedit	0	Developer
nonvolatil	hexeditswt	1	
tekhn	hexel	1	
rheiny	hexered	1	
omnium	hextool	1	
shadow_firebird	hey-pling	1	
consc198	helm4apppacks	1	All-Hands Person
inolik	hfc4net	1	
hcdaume3	hfl	0	Developer
pseudonym	hfl	1	Project Manager
skurtzberg	hfl	0	Developer
hec	hfx	1	
hotgazpacho	hgfw	1	
sjprowell	hglib	1	
ihex	hhex-hutil	1	
cylab	hial	0	Developer
divzero	hial	1	No specific role
qudus	hial	1	Project Manager
xjeren	hibasic	1	
anthonyhib	hibernate	0	Developer
antonvs	hibernate	0	Developer
astahlhut	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bradclow	hibernate	0	Developer
broubach	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
caoxg	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
csturm	hibernate	0	Developer
dbradby	hibernate	1	Developer
dchannon	hibernate	0	Developer
dimitry	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dougcurrie	hibernate	0	Developer
epbernard	hibernate	1	Developer
esfahan	hibernate	0	
gloeglm	hibernate	0	Developer
hirotoyu	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
honma	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
immanuel	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jdkim528	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
jon_lipsky	hibernate	0	Developer
jstepka	hibernate	0	Doc Writer
kabkhan	hibernate	0	Developer
kreimerkreimer	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
loonix	hibernate	0	Developer
loubyansky	hibernate	0	Developer
marshall_law	hibernate	0	Developer
matsebc	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
maxcross	hibernate	0	
maxcsaucdk	hibernate	1	Developer
oneovthafew	hibernate	1	Developer
paoloperrotta	hibernate	0	Developer
patriot1burke	hibernate	0	Developer
pgmjsd	hibernate	0	Developer
starksm	hibernate	0	Developer
stephanwiesner	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
steveebersole	hibernate	1	Developer
theute	hibernate	0	Developer
turin42	hibernate	1	Developer
bmarchesson	hibernate4gwt	1	
lucasas	hibernate4gwt	0	Developer
dbradby	hibernator	1	
carterpage	hibernex	1	
preylude	hidam	1	
datique	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
evandro_machado	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
hierarchicalmap	hierarchicalmap	1	
hsekiguchi	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
psilveirap	hierarchicalmap	1	Developer
hiitch	hiitch	1	
polyhill	hill-lily	1	
amca	hini	1	
muellero	hippie-occur	1	
haripanicker	hideandseek	1	
keesh	hktreeview	1	All-Hands Person
cbrinegar	hli	1	
alexgarzao	holo	0	
bonatto	holo	1	Project Manager
dfranz	holo	0	Tester
dormento	holo	0	Developer
glermen	holo	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
guilazzari	holo	0	Developer
maddog666	holo	0	All-Hands Person
otavio	holo	0	Developer
rogerio_martins	holo	0	Developer
stdfk	holo	0	Developer
c-avare	holongate	1	Project Manager
danielmazurek	holongate	0	
fortuna	homebase	1	
axxl	honkele	1	
ginge	hoogle	1	
erwan_lemonnier	hook-filter	1	
nvoxland	hoople	1	
bdompe	hopper	0	Developer
cyberdex	hopper	0	Unix Admin
javalori	hopper	1	Project Manager
mike0ee	hopper	0	Developer
pstanar	hopper	0	Developer
timbreitkreutz	hopper	1	Project Manager
pyropix	horde3dnet	1	Project Manager
anacletoa	hornero	1	
kenfitzpatrick	hosteduserhelp	1	
buildmeister	hoteldejava	1	
kevin_lee	hoteldejava	1	Project Manager
csg7020	hotfusion	1	
nicok	hotfusion	0	
armenio	hotstuff	1	Developer
mgrant79	hourglass	1	Project Manager
nthier	hourglass	0	Developer
esjackson	hp	1	Web Designer
stormy_peters	hp	1	Project Manager
orosznyet	hq-ms	1	
jarisep	hrclass	1	
pace	hrprof	1	
imwebsoft	hrwebapp	1	
shanners	hsbc-xmlapi	1	
singletrack	hsbc-xmlapi	0	Developer
pynoos	hsocket	1	Project Manager
fsl	hsqldb-plugin	1	
hswing	hswing	1	
draghetto	ht-commons	0	Developer
markoumek	ht-commons	0	
nethyperon	ht-commons	1	
bappa	htkit	0	
koyeung	htkit	1	
kuntal_s	htkit	0	
s2001in	htkit	0	
pvax	html-dom	1	
dannyholstein	html-lv	1	
anarquiax	html2php	1	
rebusnet	htmlcodeconvert	1	
nicolaasuni	htmlcolors	1	
nicolaasuni	htmlentities	1	
moechofe	htmlform	1	
moreejt	htmlobject	0	Developer
pcxuser	htmlobject	1	
k_koch	htmlp	1	Developer
smsisko	htmlp	1	Developer
felenka	htmlparselib	1	
derrickoswald	htmlparser	1	Project Manager
dwalters128	htmlparser	0	Developer
ian_macfarlane	htmlparser	0	Developer
somik	htmlparser	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
edwardzyang	htmlpurifier	1	All-Hands Person
iscariot	htmlssm	1	Project Manager
lordstrange	htmlssm	1	Developer
niatox	htmlssm	1	Developer
skidz	htmlssm	0	Developer
nicolaasuni	htmlstrings	1	
arthurdo	htmltok	1	
kaotao	htmltok	0	Developer
petermichalek	htmltok	0	
nicolaasuni	htmlurls	1	
arturkeska	htom	1	
chaneilfhios	htstring	1	Developer
ricpelo	httlcseifspa	1	
cbrooks	http-recorder	1	
seanjw	httpauthplus	1	
bullmount	httpcomp-net	1	
sachin_guru	httpguru	1	
rocketraman	httpspy	1	
russgold	httpunit	1	All-Hands Person
wolfgang_fahl	httpunit	0	
smeyfroi	hud	1	
stacycurl	hud	1	Developer
gilead	huf	1	
askosyr	hugecollections	0	Developer
v_glazov	hugecollections	0	Developer
yuriytkach	hugecollections	1	Project Manager
lafitteinexile	hugonomicon	1	Developer
skullduggery	hugonomicon	1	Project Manager
albertoco	humano2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
celgueta	humano2	0	Developer
edbong	humano2	1	
excedor	humano2	0	
humano2	humano2	0	Developer
marijn	humano2	1	Project Manager
rconcha	humano2	0	Developer
pombredanne	humanoid	1	Developer
gabrie1	hun	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
hoka_adam	hun	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
kami_	hun	1	
dherington	hunit	1	
feddejager	hunter-tools	1	
tweety_04_01	hunterogl	1	
itakenami	hurricane-phpfw	1	
alexstrickland	hwgui	0	Developer
alkresin	hwgui	1	
andijahja	hwgui	0	Developer
druzus	hwgui	0	Developer
fperillo	hwgui	0	Developer
fsgiudice	hwgui	0	
giuseppem	hwgui	0	Developer
jamaj	hwgui	0	Developer
laverson	hwgui	0	Developer
lculik	hwgui	0	Developer
lf_sfnet	hwgui	0	Developer
marcosgambeta	hwgui	0	Developer
mauriliolongo	hwgui	0	Developer
mlacecilia	hwgui	0	Developer
omm	hwgui	0	
ptsarenko	hwgui	0	Developer
richardroesnadi	hwgui	0	Developer
rodrigo_moreno	hwgui	0	Developer
sandrorrfreire	hwgui	0	Developer
mad4j	hwh	1	
huckster-rus	hwslib	1	
b-ignaces_9	hx-p	0	
ghost-90	hx-p	0	
sorror	hx-p	1	
yig_yig6	hx-p	0	
choipd	hydra-core	0	Unix Admin
hunee	hydra-core	1	
scarkoo	hydra-core	0	Developer
shepelt	hydra-core	0	Developer
maronoff99	hydra3d	1	Developer
joebartley	hyena	1	
ultralight32	hypernetdb	1	
hywen	hywen	1	
sabeg	p3asm	1	
p3net	p3netprojx	1	
earnie	p4w	1	Project Manager
shwaresyst	p4w	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dreamingbear	p5re	1	
stripslashes	paced	1	
horkychen	packagebuilder	1	
bonniot	packages	1	
igouy	packages	0	
clintoca	packer	0	Developer
dmilstein	packer	1	
packetvb	packetvb	1	Project Manager
pbdhivakar	pactool	1	
joun	padk	1	Project Manager
osmo	pagemgr	1	
foozy	pagemixer	1	
dugues	paiol	1	
nacho_pancho	pajuan	1	
hackebeil20	paklib	1	
ahakkinen	paktool	1	
mcfar54	palinx	1	
cookieteam	palm-dos	1	Project Manager
craig_comstock	palm-linux	1	
nickv_111	palm-linux	1	
useless	palm-linux	0	
swallace	palm-wrap	1	
catoo	palmcppunit	1	Project Manager
qiwenmin	palmcppunit	1	
ratrent	palmfc	1	Developer
arpruss	palmfontconv	1	
anjalivarma	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
gajen	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
sylbert	palmlibhttp	1	Project Manager
crramirez	palmoscrlib	1	
selmi	palmpng	1	
arpruss	palmresize	1	
alicemirror	palmtv	1	
delfare	pands	1	Developer
jandujar	pands	0	Tester
molousk	pands	1	Developer
ndsdev	pands	0	Tester
smealum	pands	1	Developer
johnhoffman	pang	1	
andaabramovici	panopticode	0	Developer
bestfriendchris	panopticode	0	Developer
cschuyle	panopticode	0	Developer
jonny_leroy	panopticode	0	Developer
jrshaw	panopticode	1	
munjalpb2000	panopticode	0	Developer
nraychaudhuri	panopticode	0	Developer
olsonas	panopticode	0	Developer
padark	panopticode	0	Developer
szahabi	panopticode	0	Developer
tpbrown	panopticode	0	Developer
matsys	pantheios	1	
tassiedevil	pantheios	0	Developer
andru	papyrusreport	1	
eford	parameterparser	1	
stardogg	parashell	1	
anju_kaul	parc	0	Developer
gklund	parc	0	Developer
jstolle	parc	0	Developer
lakshmi_sv	parc	0	Developer
pmckinstry	parc	1	Project Manager
romerom	parc	0	Developer
vaibhav_ran	parc	0	Developer
venkatprakash	parc	0	Developer
cenlee	parcels	1	Developer
knmnyn	parcels	1	
lauaikmi	parcels	1	Developer
vyersta	parcels	1	Developer
atoku	parseconflib	1	
acme	parseperl	0	Developer
adamkennedy	parseperl	1	
aragorn	parseperl	0	Developer
autrijus	parseperl	0	Developer
broquaint	parseperl	0	Developer
bynari	parseperl	0	Developer
chrisdolan	parseperl	0	
claesjac	parseperl	0	Developer
coral	parseperl	0	Developer
drforrester	parseperl	0	Developer
miyagawa-t	parseperl	0	Developer
jineshkj	parser	1	Project Manager
ntubski	parser	0	Developer
viergroupie	parsnip-parser	1	
zaak	parsnip	1	
dermole	party	1	
drclaus	party	0	
drmalte	party	0	
fah-q	pas	0	Developer
j00z	pas	0	Developer
mortis	pas	1	Project Manager
cgp	pas2h	1	
alancunningham	pasdiff	1	Project Manager
torcq	passrcp	1	
mutante_power_b	pastelog	1	Developer
bargle0	pastry4j	1	
paulfernhout	patapata	1	Developer
babounours	patchwork13	0	Developer
billitch	patchwork13	1	Project Manager
broen	patchwork13	0	Developer
igorvonfassen	patchwork13	0	Developer
r00k	patchwork13	0	Developer
splin	patchwork13	0	Developer
swapx	patchwork13	0	Developer
leejason	patentgroupware	1	
nevali	pathfinder	1	
berzal	pattern	1	Project Manager
e4c5	pattern	0	
eaudet	pattern	0	
fzappert	pattern	0	
hypologician	pattern	0	
silentblue	pattern	0	
tvaga	pattern	0	
oboehm	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
ojojo	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
shohara	patterntesting	0	Developer
vmassol	patterntesting	1	Project Manager
xwarzee	patterntesting	0	Developer
p_millipede	paul-software	1	
danpe	pausethreads	1	
nasrinm	pazesh	1	
comrade64	paster	1	
tigerchamp	pbassistant	1	
danimatas	pbeans	0	Developer
hjo1620	pbeans	0	Developer
inkredibl	pbeans	0	Developer
jhsolorz	pbeans	1	
jrickf	pbeans	0	Developer
philz	pbeans	0	Developer
sean_stuckless	pbeans	0	Developer
turnerj	pbeans	0	Developer
cioannou	pblib	1	
andrelouw	pbof	0	Developer
elabuschagne	pbof	0	Developer
gvandyk	pbof	1	
hgeldenhuys	pbof	0	Developer
woutervdberg	pbof	0	Developer
cobrajs	pbomb	1	
krzysztof_k	pbspro-drmaa	1	
lciesnik	pbspro-drmaa	0	
szalik	pbspro-drmaa	1	
jurberg	pbunit	1	
philcya	pbunit	1	Developer
cardsharq	pcardsdotnet	1	
g0n	pcbsd-es	1	
johnny13	pcc	1	Developer
bak	pcj	1	
arxip	pckdos	1	
bero	pclasses	0	Developer
cproch	pclasses	1	Project Manager
dloof	pclasses	0	Developer
gjehle	pclasses	1	Web Designer
marc_d	pclasses	0	Developer
sieve	pcre-cc	1	
gehtsoft	pcre-cs	1	
mottl	pcre-ocaml	1	
keesh	pcre-win32	1	
mish_the_fish	pcre	1	
lechertl	pcrm	1	All-Hands Person
scorpik	pcrm	0	
pcs_org	pcstoolkit	1	
smatiz	pdb-idx-waba	1	
raphaelpaiva	pdbdriverview	1	
kosalf	pdcbatest	1	
devl	pdclib	1	Project Manager
devsolar	pdclib	1	Project Manager
hackerdan	pdetools	1	
panbachi	pdevelop	1	
gcampbell	pdf-inc	1	Developer
jmls	pdf-inc	0	Developer
dejean	pdf2xml	1	Project Manager
giguet	pdf2xml	1	Developer
niklasschneider	pdfsharp	0	Developer
pdfsharp	pdfsharp	1	Developer
stefan_lange	pdfsharp	1	Project Manager
thomas_hoevel	pdfsharp	0	Developer
rosa	pdftemplates	1	
feradz	pdfutils	1	
cyke64	pdis-miso	1	
teroh	pdis-miso	1	
finell	pdk	1	Web Designer
gathmann	pdk	1	Project Manager
heinkel	pdk	1	Project Manager
webheld	pdk	0	Developer
jackpark	pdkb	0	
jgage	pdkb	0	
jpark	pdkb	0	
kennedycolm	pdkb	0	
ldl	pdkb	0	
mnp	pdkb	0	
mpepper	pdkb	0	
npengell	pdkb	0	
oommoo	pdkb	1	
pdkb	pdkb	1	
shane_308	pdkb	0	
swatcat	pdkb	0	
toad	pdkb	0	
whitten	pdkb	1	
wizardstorm	pdkb	0	Developer
jmaxwilson	pdo-x	1	
mbuna	peak	1	Project Manager
radius	peak	0	Developer
spale	peak	0	Developer
andrerestivo	peardboo	1	Project Manager
nunomplopes	peardboo	1	Project Manager
sergiocarvalho	peardboo	1	
pebbleroller	pebble-talk	1	
peccavi	peccavi	1	
alaiba	pechy	1	Project Manager
youvnor	pechy	1	
jax	pedestal	1	
redbull99	peidextsigedit	1	
lsolesen	pel	1	Project Manager
mgeisler	pel	1	Project Manager
profetas	pelanguage	1	
rheiny	pelib	1	
stefan222	pellucid	1	All-Hands Person
ken_steele	pelp	1	Developer
luis_miras	pelp	1	Developer
kvanals	peng-connect	1	
vivosi	pente	1	
hexamon	penub	0	Developer
idumali	penub	1	Developer
lasha	penub	0	Developer
mikheil	penub	0	Developer
gmerize	pep-pp	1	Developer
leandropa	pep-pp	1	
freddy77	perdr	1	All-Hands Person
brendenvickery	perdure	1	
vslovnyk	pere	1	All-Hands Person
mikpe	perfctr	1	
lazy81	perl-coma	1	
apostasy	perl-date-time	0	
autarch	perl-date-time	1	Developer
biglug	perl-date-time	0	
cfaerber	perl-date-time	0	
fglock	perl-date-time	0	
fiji	perl-date-time	0	
jesse	perl-date-time	0	
jhoblitt	perl-date-time	0	
jshy	perl-date-time	0	
kellan	perl-date-time	0	
lestrrat	perl-date-time	0	
mojotoad	perl-date-time	0	
pijll	perl-date-time	0	
rbowen	perl-date-time	1	
rkhill	perl-date-time	0	
wheeler	perl-date-time	0	
anarion	perl-es	1	
drnoop	perl-es	1	
fxn	perl-es	1	
hopes	perl-es	1	
jmerelo	perl-es	1	
kerowme	perl-es	1	
pne	perl-klingon	1	
kaster	perl-mvc	1	All-Hands Person
abcdem	perl-oak	0	Developer
aguimar	perl-oak	0	Developer
fglock	perl-oak	0	Developer
h_trevisan	perl-oak	0	Developer
itamarc	perl-oak	0	Developer
lanio	perl-oak	0	Developer
lruoso	perl-oak	0	Developer
mosca	perl-oak	0	Developer
motoboi	perl-oak	0	Developer
ruoso	perl-oak	1	Project Manager
sikora	perl-oak	0	Developer
thiloplanz	perl-pad	1	
dclinton	perlbeans	1	
mstevens	perlbug	1	Developer
richardf	perlbug	1	
robrt	perlbug	1	Developer
tgds	perlcomposer	1	Developer
wycc	perlcomposer	1	Developer
brscott73	perlcpn	0	No specific role
fabpot	perlcpn	0	Developer
torvald	perlcpn	1	
ramtops	perlexception	1	
djantzen	perlforjava	1	
icmf3	perlforjava	1	Developer
bekkirene	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
scottp	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
shlomif	perlmeme-org	0	Developer
simontaylor	perlmeme-org	1	Project Manager
perltidy	perltidy	1	
rkiesling	perltkextra	1	
nomagic	permission-base	1	
crichey	permissionsniff	1	
jamorgan	permissionsniff	1	Developer
cbutzke	perpetuum-sm	1	
amecky	perpojo	1	
skerritt	persevere	1	
ghasemkiani	persiancalendar	1	
mahdiit	persiantools	1	
mattj65816	persistant	1	
adarovsky	persistence	1	
kriszyp	persistentjs	1	
icecold2010	persistentqueue	1	
diego_zanga	personalaccess	1	Project Manager
rjohnsto	personaldb	1	
grimsell	perspective	1	
paul_esk	pesk-int-eq	1	
cyberlynx	petel	1	
geraldb	petra	1	Project Manager
ilits	petra	0	Developer
vamp201	petra	1	
ara_e_w	petsoar	0	Developer
baldree	petsoar	1	Developer
cybermike	petsoar	0	Developer
joeretro	petsoar	1	Project Manager
paul-h	petsoar	1	Developer
rickardoberg	petsoar	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	petty	1	
ali_reza_761	persianjbpm	1	
cobia	pfcpp	0	Developer
lazarius	pfcpp	1	Project Manager
super-lloyd	pfct4net	1	
jhanna777	pfex	0	Developer
nlbunder	pfex	1	Project Manager
sdodell	pfl	1	
joecode	pfoundation	0	Developer
kyledawkins	pfoundation	1	Developer
paolomind1981	pgame-engine	1	
simo1971	pgcl	1	
babajaga	pgettext	1	
opdecoder	pgmrcalc	1	
abisma	phantarei	1	
aefimov	phantom-common	1	Developer
yrakitin	phantom-common	0	Developer
brettryan	phersistence	1	
garzol	phimatex	1	
jbesnard	phimatex	0	Developer
oprgag	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
riduidel	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
true_garzol	phimatex	0	Editorial/Content Writer
gerry4u	phloc-logging	0	Developer
p_h	phloc-logging	1	Project Manager
phloc_bg	phloc-logging	1	Developer
costra	phlxr	0	Developer
cynicz	phlxr	1	
inqbus	phlxr	0	Web Designer
noradcrew	phoenixams	0	Developer
rmpp	phoenixams	1	Project Manager
jtaylor1126	phoenixdev	1	Developer
francoisbean	phoenixgl	1	
dennis56	phoenixz	0	Developer
phoenixz	phoenixz	1	Project Manager
thereckter	phoenixz	0	
voicent	phone-survey	1	
iakovz	phontonmm	1	
jdhildeb	phormation	1	
nokes	phormation	1	Developer
nordkyn	phormation	0	Developer
hschlen	phost-contrib	0	Developer
jsedano	phost-contrib	0	Developer
lastberserker	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
mauritsvanrees	phost-contrib	0	Developer
nto	phost-contrib	0	Developer
pw5	phost-contrib	0	Developer
rhjennings	phost-contrib	0	Developer
soronthar	phost-contrib	0	Developer
streu	phost-contrib	1	Project Manager
stevenjackson	photon	0	Tester
olau	photoshopy	0	Tester
schleiermacher	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
towi	photoshopy	1	Project Manager
binar10	php-clamavlib	1	
reptiler	php-classes	1	
bumbler	php-fusebox	1	
erkie	php-fusebox	1	Project Manager
virre1981	php-gameground	1	
gislersoft	php-generics	1	
dnfeitosa	php-glade	1	
jeremy_nelson	php-logger	1	Developer
jodunni1	php-logger	1	
ashawley	php-mode	1	Project Manager
stigbakken	php-mode	0	Developer
turadg	php-mode	1	Project Manager
strimo	php-ms-demangle	1	
php-osma	php-osma	1	
mukembo	php-ruby	1	
kuni_pm9	php-screw	1	
su1d	php-templates	1	All-Hands Person
ut0pia	php-tk	1	
fhnmor21	php-wfw	1	
phpwalter	php-yacs	1	Project Manager
vanmer	php-yacs	1	Developer
aarre	php2py	1	
fletch	php3-xslt	1	
barrydit	php4cli	1	
zelphyr	php4js	1	
bergmann	php4ue	1	
scorched	php4ue	0	Developer
a-otto	php4win32	1	Developer
d_beu	php4win32	1	Developer
greatunknown	phpabstract	1	
fernandoh	phpajaxgrid	1	Developer
martinbascal	phpajaxgrid	1	
mahasak	phpappserver	1	
activesphere	phpas	1	Project Manager
chris_schneider	phpautodoc	1	Developer
mdaenzer	phpautodoc	1	Project Manager
smueller	phpautodoc	0	Developer
odcm	phpawstats	1	Project Manager
dualfusion	phpbbdevs	1	
cussuol	phpbbmantis	0	Developer
poyntesm	phpbbmantis	1	Developer
evil3	phpbbproject	0	Developer
ganon_king	phpbbproject	0	No specific role
lord_le_brand	phpbbproject	1	Project Manager
farazdagi	phpblib	1	Project Manager
plugin	phpblib	0	Developer
bcurtis	phpbt	1	All-Hands Person
brycen	phpbt	1	Project Manager
eyal_zvi	phpbt	0	Developer
firma	phpbt	0	Developer
in-fke	phpbt	0	Developer
javyer	phpbt	0	Developer
jpdw	phpbt	0	Developer
kennyt	phpbt	0	Developer
ma_ku	phpbt	0	Developer
mohni	phpbt	0	Developer
mufasa	phpbt	0	Developer
ulferikson	phpbt	0	Developer
illuminatedwax	phpcached	1	
brad_fears	phpcodecabinet	1	Project Manager
arimicci	phpcomdb	1	
bubblenut	phpdance	1	
jsweat	phpdatacache	1	
cybot_tm	phpdatetime	1	
dorgon	phpdavinci	1	Project Manager
ctx2002	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
jdaumde	phpdbedittk	1	
jli018	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
merbst	phpdbinstall	1	
nirvani	phpdevtools	1	
timetrack	phpdoc	1	
ulf_wendel	phpdoc	1	
oxygen77	phpdocmaker	1	Project Manager
rapine	phpdocmaker	0	Developer
ledjon	phpdocsearch	1	
grisu	phpdocserver	1	
peejeh	phpdoctor	1	
srausch	phpdoctor	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
daf111	phpdocutron	0	Developer
lrargerich	phpdocutron	1	
jmsanchez	phpdocwriter	1	Developer
sgaffga	phpdox	1	Project Manager
gagneet	phpdts	1	Developer
buennagel	phpduploc	1	
cedricgirard	phpduploc	0	
jon-bangoid	phpduploc	0	
hakukaji	phpdynatree	0	Developer
kkemp102294	phpdynatree	1	Developer
tibbons	phpdynatree	0	Developer
axelcl	phpeclipse	1	Developer
bananeweizen	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
bijugopinath	phpeclipse	0	Developer
blakewatters	phpeclipse	0	Developer
blakeyez	phpeclipse	0	Distributor/Promoter
choochter	phpeclipse	0	Developer
cperkonig	phpeclipse	0	Developer
dizmo	phpeclipse	1	Developer
durel_b	phpeclipse	0	Developer
dynamike2000	phpeclipse	0	Developer
emann	phpeclipse	1	Developer
future_wave	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
fvicente	phpeclipse	0	Developer
ganesha_sf	phpeclipse	0	Developer
gmega	phpeclipse	0	Developer
greenboxx	phpeclipse	0	Developer
gtonic	phpeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
hannonhill	phpeclipse	1	Web Designer
incastrix	phpeclipse	0	Developer
kpouer	phpeclipse	0	Developer
mbecker_kassel	phpeclipse	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
njd-	phpeclipse	0	Developer
pombredanne	phpeclipse	1	Developer
ralfe	phpeclipse	0	Developer
rdekenah	phpeclipse	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
robekras	phpeclipse	0	Developer
samage	phpeclipse	0	Developer
samjoseph	phpeclipse	0	Developer
samson_	phpeclipse	0	Developer
scorphus	phpeclipse	0	Developer
sf_nimrod	phpeclipse	0	Developer
shleh	phpeclipse	0	Developer
stefanbjarni	phpeclipse	0	Developer
thorstenj	phpeclipse	0	Developer
toshihiro	phpeclipse	0	Developer
virtualmice	phpeclipse	1	Doc Writer
walsleben	phpeclipse	1	Developer
weconsultants	phpeclipse	0	
werner_krauss	phpeclipse	0	Tester
yuvilio	phpeclipse	0	Developer
arnold81	phpexplorator	0	
tchouamoueric	phpexplorator	1	Project Manager
armel	phpfaqtory	1	Project Manager
oportier	phpfaqtory	0	Developer
efranceschi	phpfast	1	Developer
damonkohler	phpfop	1	
webguide	phpftp-net	1	Developer
eryx	phpfunc	1	
dcech	phpgacl	0	Developer
ipso	phpgacl	1	
sphen001	phpgamedev	1	Project Manager
asclabs	phpgl	1	
andrewm1	phpgroupworks	1	Developer
darkking-	phpgroupworks	0	Developer
edgar_ocampo1	phpgroupworks	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
johnydoe	phpgroupworks	1	All-Hands Person
shanforest	phpgroupworks	0	Doc Writer
dr_of_chaos	phpgtkbuilder	1	
phac	phpguardian	1	
jrtwolski	phpgwpl	1	
tkgkp	phpgwpl	0	Developer
tlu	phpgwpl	0	Project Manager
moojoo	phphtmlreskit	1	
scotepi	phpinstall	1	
schlundus	phpjsregexptool	1	
mshaffer	phpkas	1	
zinzan	phpl7	1	
te2	phplangadmin	0	Developer
theghost19	phplangadmin	1	Project Manager
jgrivsky	phplet	0	Developer
lucamar	phplet	1	
qkfeto	phplet	0	Developer
rgittens	phplet	0	Developer
chanlo	phplib	0	Developer
eyrie	phplib	0	Project Manager
gdesclaux	phplib	0	No specific role
joestewart	phplib	0	Developer
layne_weathers	phplib	0	All-Hands Person
macmaster	phplib	0	Developer
mavrekh	phplib	0	No specific role
mderk	phplib	0	Developer
nhruby	phplib	1	All-Hands Person
richardarcher	phplib	1	Developer
swensenj	phplib	0	Developer
tarique	phplib	0	Developer
ulf_wendel	phplib	0	No specific role
zbiru	phplib	0	Developer
kaikl	phplibex	1	Project Manager
zersenser	phplogfacility	1	
phplusadmin	phplus	1	All-Hands Person
hanomalia	phpmanticore	1	
aaff	phpmedia	0	No specific role
beto-bl	phpmedia	0	No specific role
mballesteros	phpmedia	0	
phpwiz2	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
soywiz	phpmedia	1	Project Manager
blomma	phpmode	1	
alan_k	phpmole-ide	1	
andrei	phpmole-ide	1	Developer
floripa	phpmole-ide	0	Developer
s-maxim	phpmole-ide	0	
chiefmonkey	phpmxdb	0	Developer
maehdros	phpmxdb	1	Developer
rawveg	phpmxdb	1	Project Manager
loufoque	phpmybot	1	
mastaflex	phpmychangelog	0	
tron21net	phpmychangelog	1	Project Manager
nybble	phpmydoc	1	
idanii	phpmyirc	1	
anter	phpmyxtree	1	
timmyg	phpocketknife	1	Project Manager
craigmj	phpolait	1	All-Hands Person
eutychus	phpolait	0	Developer
dmaster97	phpolaitex	1	
benoitc	phppbx	1	
bouf10	phpquebec	1	Developer
pcaron	phpquebec	1	
airslim	phpready	1	
chadodesign	phpready	0	Web Designer
imellouk	phpready	1	Project Manager
mitija	phpreportlib	1	Project Manager
mlie	phpreportlib	1	
ramdhani	phpreportlib	0	Developer
verot	phpreportlib	1	All-Hands Person
phprt	phprt	1	
kir	phpruslib	1	
liberic	phpscriptlet	1	
ak65535	phpseed	0	Developer
evanz_d	phpseed	1	Project Manager
thenux	phpserial	1	
psim	phpsim	1	Project Manager
iutin	phpskel	1	Project Manager
ivanwhirix	phpskel	0	Developer
subach	phpskel	1	Project Manager
saloon12yrd	phpsloc	1	
elhombregris	phpsmacl	1	Developer
pacmaslargo	phpsmacl	0	Developer
meebey	phpsmartirc	1	Project Manager
amisharmadillo	phpstep	0	Developer
sqlboy	phpstep	1	
piersk	phpsupportboard	1	Project Manager
mirrorbox	phptags	1	
tellini	phptalext	1	
cybot_tm	phptimesheet	1	Project Manager
holje	phptmapi	1	
ivarabon	phptmapi	0	Developer
joschmidt	phptmapi	1	Developer
tillk	phptoolkit	1	Developer
g_toastman	phpunitcookbook	1	
fat_cat	phpurple	0	Requirements Engineering
weltling	phpurple	1	
kuroko	phpvortex	0	Developer
nop144666	phpvortex	1	
brindy	phpwage	1	
jamesbondpg	phpwe	0	
s4u	phpwe	1	Project Manager
dashohoxha	phpwebapp	1	Developer
freealter	phpwebmin	1	Project Manager
ldrolez	phpwebmin	1	Developer
bdenis	phpwheelform	1	
mehdid	phpxbuilder	1	Developer
dviner	phpxindice	1	Developer
khward	phpxindice	1	Project Manager
mattberry	phpxmlrep	1	
timmyg	phpxmltools	1	All-Hands Person
xeno42	phpxref	1	
davejb	physicslib	1	
coleki	phpofflinedoc	1	
hallmall	phppdo	1	
damien_vincent	phppgview	0	Developer
geoffroy_aubry	phppgview	1	Developer
j11561	phpeditmaster	1	
phpbb3-napoli	phpbb3napoli	1	
falcasquad	pic-dev	1	Unix Admin
joy3k	pic-dev	0	Developer
nitro83	pic18fusb	1	
jade	picalog	1	
fritzone	pici-nms	1	
jesjones	picom	1	
mihai_preda	picostorage	1	
charles_wilson	picotk	0	
tgkamp	picotk	1	
bokic	picprog	1	
dzach	piemenu	1	
azhyd	piklab	1	Project Manager
mhier	pilib	1	
sephius	pillar-sdk	1	
breidecker	pillow	1	
moatas	pilotjfc	1	
aspinall	pilrcedit	1	Project Manager
stretch	pilrcedit	1	
compostella	pim4j	1	
christophdorn	pinf	1	Developer
joshuadfranklin	pinfo	1	
pini-pini	pini-pini	1	
intacto	pintact	1	
alfeller	pipe2	0	Developer
bk506	pipe2	1	Developer
bmk06	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
corveau	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
ctm06	pipe2	1	Project Manager
dkb03	pipe2	1	Developer
hkulatun19	pipe2	1	Developer
jmc98	pipe2	0	Developer
leiwang	pipe2	1	Developer
maximzhao	pipe2	0	Developer
mjw106	pipe2	1	Developer
mrc103	pipe2	1	Developer
na04	pipe2	1	Developer
njd200	pipe2	1	Developer
ojh06	pipe2	1	Developer
patterd	pipe2	1	Developer
pk903	pipe2	1	Developer
tk106	pipe2	1	Developer
tsuto	pipe2	1	Developer
willemaster	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
wilzo1	pipe2	1	Project Manager
wl107	pipe2	1	Developer
xsc02	pipe2	1	Developer
cheusov	pipestatus	1	
john_markh	pipex	1	
makaron	pippyextras	1	
qylox	pippyextras	1	All-Hands Person
fbellier	piproject	1	Project Manager
prioux	pirobject	1	
miller_m	piru	1	
jhermann	pirxx	1	
ekovanci	pisibul	0	Web Designer
erenturkay	pisibul	0	Web Designer
ikesen	pisibul	0	Developer
jnmbk	pisibul	1	Project Manager
usta	pisibul	0	Developer
epn	pithreads	1	
bvgastel	pitoolkit	1	
grimdel	pixcon	1	
birosp	pixel-team	1	Developer
daniel-ocean	pixel-team	1	Developer
mix-r	pixel-team	1	
titcar	pixel-team	1	Project Manager
wezzy2k	pixide	1	
vivash	piy	1	All-Hands Person
tea_man	pjda	1	
alperoze	pl-ray	1	
rrm3	plain-gnome	1	
javierpb	plaindb	1	
nchalumeau	plan-heure	1	Developer
qualdevplanning	planning-tool	1	
c0diq	platinum	1	
carmello	platonos	1	Project Manager
kevin-duffey	platonos	1	Project Manager
ohapon	plazmastudio	1	
altumano	pldoc	1	Project Manager
cieslik	pldoc	0	Developer
dvoytenko	pldoc	0	
gpaulissen	pldoc	0	
soltesz_andras	pldoc	0	Developer
toche_	pldoc	0	Developer
t_schaedler	pldoc	0	
rconner	plexus	1	
alex_nanou	pli	1	
dyatel	pli	0	Developer
esyr	pli	0	Doc Writer
gennady_kovalev	pli	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bronc94583	plinko	1	
pljones	plj-simpe	1	All-Hands Person
flatpredator	plog	1	
palotas	plossum	1	
phlambert	plsql-reports	1	
astahlhut	plstrutsit	0	Developer
euklid	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
manfredwolff	plstrutsit	1	Project Manager
martinspiller	plstrutsit	0	Developer
fernandoribeiro	pluggathon	1	Developer
rodrigoabreu	pluggathon	1	Developer
marcelschoen	pluginbox	1	
ronchese	pluginenviron	1	
joegenbaclor	pluginpp	1	
condordes	plutils	1	
hatimk	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
janggerang	plutoeclipse	1	Project Manager
zohar_zi	plyxo	1	
tav	plexnet	1	
arerano	planeshift3dmod	0	Developer
caarrie	planeshift3dmod	1	Project Manager
rnickell	planeshift3dmod	1	Project Manager
svuun	planeshift3dmod	0	Developer
sxealex	planeshift3dmod	0	Developer
thomphoenix	planeshift3dmod	0	Developer
jperl	pm2media	1	
orz	pmask	1	
allancaplan	pmd	0	Developer
a_lumyanski	pmd	0	Developer
bluejohn	pmd	0	Developer
daleanson	pmd	0	Developer
dpeugh	pmd	1	Developer
ezust	pmd	0	Developer
holobender	pmd	0	Developer
hooperbloob	pmd	0	Developer
jigerjava	pmd	0	Developer
kubacki	pmd	0	Developer
mikkey	pmd	0	Developer
nascif	pmd	0	Developer
olemartin	pmd	0	Developer
phherlin	pmd	0	Developer
rgustav	pmd	0	Developer
rpelisse	pmd	0	Developer
tkleiber	pmd	0	Developer
tomcopeland	pmd	1	Project Manager
tomslot	pmd	0	Developer
wfzelle	pmd	0	Developer
xlv	pmd	1	Developer
rhat	pmdmc	1	
kevin_conaway	pmdwlw	1	
chiefaua	pmking	1	
emre_zaim	pmking	0	Developer
mrc__	pmking	0	Developer
rolandus	pmking	0	Developer
seppo34	pmking	0	Developer
tanocelen	pmking	0	Developer
argaldo	pmlparser	1	
grahamcarlyle	pmock	1	
aprost	pmr	1	Developer
lpetit	pmr	0	Developer
celsogbj	pmtools	1	
luke_br	pmtools	0	Developer
gregm	pmw	1	
mandryka000	pmw	0	Developer
doughellmann	pmwcontribd	1	
smaaps	pncs	1	
acmonkey	pnencompass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crazy4bass	pnencompass	0	
fixxx	pnencompass	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
madhatter7	pnencompass	1	Project Manager
saytheb	pnencompass	1	Developer
kingofgib	pnet6	1	
gilgamesh21141	pngraph	1	
postnuketv	pnlanguages	1	Project Manager
bgr	pnotepad	0	Developer
jhawkins	pnotepad	0	
missingintellec	pnotepad	0	Developer
ssteele	pnotepad	1	Project Manager
ssx	pnotepad	0	
elgranazul	pnshadowrun	1	
paulperkins	pocketpctools	1	
garyniu	pockit	1	
slashzero	podcrappr	1	
adamkennedy	poe	0	Developer
apocal	poe	0	Developer
arthurbergman	poe	0	Developer
bingosnet	poe	0	Developer
bizb	poe	0	Developer
bsmith	poe	0	Developer
cfedde	poe	0	Developer
cwest	poe	0	Developer
elektronenvolt	poe	0	Developer
gwyn17	poe	0	Developer
hachi	poe	0	Developer
immute	poe	0	Developer
lotr	poe	0	Developer
nothingmuch	poe	0	Developer
nwilliams	poe	0	Developer
rcaputo	poe	1	No specific role
sungo	poe	0	Developer
tarrantsun	poe	0	Developer
teknikill	poe	0	Developer
bergla	pogled	1	
pointcutdoctor	pointcutdoctor	1	
cotp	poisonx	1	Developer
mivabe	poisonx	1	Developer
theeggman	poisonx	1	Project Manager
dufgrinder	pojamas	0	Developer
xavierpayne	pojamas	1	
rcpsamples	pojoeditorrcp	1	
skounis	pojoeditorrcp	1	
clyde	pokea	0	
fprog	pokea	1	
h_malhot	pokea	0	
j_isber	pokea	0	
m_eljayo	pokea	0	
n_fourni	pokea	1	
eswanson	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
kadmos	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
khael	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
longobord	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
madmanatw	pol-doc-devel	1	Developer
racalac	pol-doc-devel	1	Project Manager
rykard	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
speka	pol-doc-devel	0	Doc Writer
beleta	polux	1	
sticksoftware	polyglot	1	
phelps	polyglotman	1	
nanoage	pom	0	Developer
poirchr	pom	1	
sidhrav	pom	0	Project Manager
amb26	ponderutil	1	
jca71	pontneuf	1	Developer
mitch64	pontneuf	1	
knothead	ponyexpress	0	Developer
larimerd	ponyexpress	1	
nixel	ponyexpress	0	Web Designer
huyd	poolit	1	
sasha-m	pop	1	
tutamuniz	popauth	1	
lack	pord	1	
anusandhan	port-access	1	
vic_mx	port21	1	
poopi	port4ever	1	
aperezbios	portabilitykit	1	
ereinecke	portabilitykit	0	
paploo	portabilitykit	0	
twm	portabledelphi	1	
critternyc	portablenvu	1	
chris_a_thomas	portableprogram	1	
johanl	portbase	1	
catzor	portitizer	1	
clintond	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
documentum	portlet-opensrc	1	Editorial/Content Writer
fubini	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
johnpusey	portlet-opensrc	0	Tester
kongxx	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
lannin	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
plumtree	portlet-opensrc	1	Project Manager
postsite	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
post_site	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
sallamar	portlet-opensrc	1	Developer
aage	poshmodule	0	Developer
kjetilja	poshmodule	0	Developer
steffenv	poshmodule	1	Project Manager
daniel_robert	posit	0	Developer
dannerr	posit	1	Developer
deximer	posit	0	Developer
naorlss	posit	1	Developer
sjabri	posit	0	Developer
jmzh	posix	1	
adam_liyi	posixtest	0	Developer
bliu	posixtest	0	Developer
crystal_xiong	posixtest	0	Developer
elvafu	posixtest	1	Project Manager
gustafson	posixtest	0	Project Manager
inaky	posixtest	0	Developer
jmarchan	posixtest	0	Developer
jnfleisc	posixtest	1	
lingyu	posixtest	1	Developer
majidawad	posixtest	0	Developer
rolla	posixtest	1	Project Manager
rustyl	posixtest	0	Developer
sdecugis	posixtest	0	Developer
sunyi	posixtest	0	Developer
sysearty	posixtest	0	Developer
jtajta2002	postmansort	1	
acm3	postnukedevpack	1	Developer
isaac_golding	postnukedevpack	1	All-Hands Person
mvrhov	potranslator	1	
dwightwilson	pounder	0	Developer
nimdok	pounder	1	Developer
saunup	pounder	0	Graphic/Other Designer
farnea	pow2toolkit	1	Developer
foxat	pow2toolkit	1	
abdulrazaq	powercell	1	
richard_lyle	powerfile	1	
garysteinmetz	powerfolder	1	Project Manager
gopalakrishna	powerfolder	0	No specific role
hammondhui	powerfolder	0	Developer
huihammond	powerfolder	0	Developer
jwin1	powerfolder	0	Developer
roychoye	powerfolder	0	Developer
powerobjectcms	powerobjects	1	
bruce_armstrong	powerprinter	0	Developer
rkiesler	powerprinter	1	Developer
s-1-0-0	powerprinter	1	
poogle	powertemplate	1	
crun	pp06	1	Project Manager
allnice	ppf	0	Developer
aradon5	ppf	0	Developer
bananeweizen	ppf	0	Developer
cocane	ppf	0	Developer
deaded	ppf	1	Project Manager
dsilfvas	ppf	0	Developer
edorfaus	ppf	0	Developer
far2fish	ppf	0	Developer
jawe	ppf	0	Developer
krachyn	ppf	0	Developer
numist	ppf	0	Developer
paulos	ppf	0	Developer
po0ky	ppf	0	Developer
rizzo	ppf	0	Developer
thescyther	ppf	0	Developer
xkr47	ppf	0	Developer
rmet0815	pphplib	1	
bsponline	ppi	1	
ericyxli	ppi	0	Developer
its-a-me-mario	ppi	0	Web Designer
jmarantz	pprint	1	
alex-flint	prado	0	Developer
carlgm	prado	0	Developer
equinoxe	prado	0	Support Technician
jasrags	prado	1	Project Manager
morsy	prado	0	Developer
qiangxue	prado	1	
rggonzalez	prado	0	Developer
tanus	prado	0	Developer
weizhuo	prado	1	Developer
wkonkel	prado	0	Developer
heraldo	pragmatico	1	Project Manager
pragmatico	pragmatico	1	
robert_kuzelj	pragmatico	1	Developer
krinke	praktomat	1	Developer
mstoerzer	praktomat	1	Developer
zeller	praktomat	1	Developer
dobrikov	pranka	1	Editorial/Content Writer
dstaykov	pranka	0	Developer
grafini	pranka	0	Developer
haralambiev	pranka	1	Unix Admin
hristost	pranka	0	Developer
kdaskalova	pranka	1	Project Manager
krasimir1234	pranka	0	Developer
krdobrev	pranka	1	
krivia	pranka	0	Developer
muxozavar	pranka	0	Developer
nakov	pranka	1	Project Manager
olgamyst	pranka	0	Developer
stanchost	pranka	0	Developer
todor1	pranka	1	Project Manager
zhelio1234	pranka	0	Developer
dozz	prass	1	All-Hands Person
fabienillide	prass	0	Editorial/Content Writer
holywombat	prass	0	Developer
sahaj	prass	0	Developer
aziz	prctl	1	
andimei	preclipse	0	Developer
bansheetl	preclipse	0	Developer
pmayer	preclipse	1	Project Manager
sushi_78	preclipse	0	Developer
jppietsch	prefedit	1	All-Hands Person
sjoerd_bakker	prefeditgui	1	
mbaudier	prenzl	1	Project Manager
ocapillon	prenzl	1	Project Manager
stuffle	preps	1	
cavac	preselib	1	
cbiette	presto	0	Developer
julienito	presto	0	Developer
klauswuestefeld	presto	1	Project Manager
leecho	presto	0	Developer
nodari	presto	1	Project Manager
simbian	presto	0	Developer
tirsen	presto	0	Developer
gregerohlson	prevalence	1	
niklasb	prevalence	1	Developer
dvorme	prevayler	0	Developer
hsoares	prevayler	0	Developer
jacobk	prevayler	0	Developer
jsampson	prevayler	1	Project Manager
klauswuestefeld	prevayler	1	Project Manager
leecho	prevayler	0	Developer
nodari	prevayler	0	Developer
tirsen	prevayler	0	Developer
int32	prima-p5	1	
matthias_herp	privaccessor	0	Doc Writer
sebidietrich	privaccessor	1	
wbeebe	prj-champollion	1	
anguilla	prjtool	1	
mauricioperez	prkmanager	1	
dthoma	prngcollection	1	
decryption	probabilitygen	1	Developer
encryption	probabilitygen	1	
hisfurness	problomatic	0	
stiegld	problomatic	1	
joshr	proc-nicesleep	1	All-Hands Person
merry_way	processclass	1	
benfry	processing	1	
fjen	processing	0	Tester
fli	processing	0	Developer
reas	processing	1	
sgreenwold	processing	0	
tom_carden	processing	0	Tester
toxmeister	processing	0	
crsadun	processmonitor	1	
emvy	procfsutils	1	
kraades	prodbk	1	
aganapat	produlus	1	Developer
jorvis	produlus	1	
troy_melhase	profitpy	1	
bschalck	profnote	1	
bstobart	progect	0	Requirements Engineering
burgbach	progect	1	Developer
bwinton	progect	0	Developer
dannyzeng	progect	0	Developer
juddrogers	progect	1	Developer
rick_price	progect	1	Developer
rwhitby	progect	0	
scottydvt	progect	0	Developer
hajdam	progjazy	1	
adeel79	prograde	0	Developer
bhimpfen	prograde	1	Project Manager
fletch15	prograde	0	Developer
ivangum	prograde	0	
jyothi_sunke	prograde	0	Developer
kalinga	prograde	0	Developer
komodo_anaconda	prograde	0	Developer
kondakrishna	prograde	0	Developer
nigel_brown	prograde	0	Developer
nkasuganti	prograde	0	Developer
phenderson27	prograde	0	Developer
pointejb	prograde	0	Developer
scrooyoo	prograde	0	Developer
sgspencer50	prograde	0	Developer
shiv123	prograde	0	Developer
skkosanam	prograde	0	
tdkoll	prograde	0	Developer
victormaoh	prograde	0	Developer
andriess	programanalysis	0	
borisboesler	programanalysis	0	
melcher	programanalysis	0	All-Hands Person
sourcebaer	programanalysis	1	
evren	programlama	1	
jaiq	programlama	1	
kephrenz	programlama	1	
jyapu	programx	1	
ddegroot	progress2xls	1	Project Manager
lierojoh	progress2xls	0	All-Hands Person
mahendra	progress2xls	0	Developer
mail2sivakumar	progress2xls	0	Developer
mog1	progress2xls	0	Developer
mogambo	progress2xls	0	Developer
sanjus	progress2xls	0	Developer
uscompsa	progress2xls	0	Developer
smurfd	project-monkey	1	
markflatischler	project-status	1	
leghk	projectapollo	1	
munerot	projectarchit	1	Project Manager
joe_fish	projectb	1	
mr_goodwin	projectb	1	
philipx	projectbench	1	
rscrawford	projectbench	1	Developer
dietmars	projectbutler	1	
froehler	projectbutler	1	Developer
japh	projectbutler	1	
koppelhuber	projectbutler	0	
pitt	projectbutler	0	
devcybiko	projectcybiko	1	
darksnow	projecteditor	1	
antoniogogo	projection	0	Developer
jgongo	projection	1	Project Manager
nar6mm	projection	0	Requirements Engineering
tangsc	projection	1	Project Manager
beckmi	projectjedi	1	Project Manager
mthoma	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
peter3	projectjedi	1	Support Manager
marcduerst	projector	0	Developer
opusadmin	projector	1	Project Manager
peoopus	projector	1	Project Manager
superhausi	projector	1	
bantik	projectory	1	
maciejr	projects-briefc	1	
gerbier	projinfo	1	
ekim_yar	projman	0	Doc Writer
krogoth2	projman	1	All-Hands Person
lynosull	projman	0	Developer
bramadams	prologdoc	1	
cmungall	prologdoc	0	
kdschutt	prologdoc	0	
sfandino	prologdoc	0	Developer
bwaters	promanager	1	
edsonmedina	promanager	0	No specific role
fdbird	promanager	1	Project Manager
svvto	promanager	0	
tharju	pronetha	1	Developer
lasa	propane	1	
sou-m	propedit	1	
toyinakinlaja	propertybinding	1	
edouard_mercier	propertyexplore	1	Developer
pedro_cristian	propertyexplore	1	
santoshb	propertymanager	1	
russell_morris	propertytree	1	
fierensyves	propertyviewer	1	Project Manager
nightstorm	propmgr	1	
pbloemendaal	propobjs	1	
ahs3	prospect	0	Developer
mudbone	prospect	0	Developer
type2	prospect	1	Project Manager
jonrssll	prosperapi	1	
rateladder	prosperapi	0	
wealthboy	prosperapi	0	Developer
johnallengreen	prostyle	1	Project Manager
judyhg	prostyle	1	No specific role
jurjen	prostyle	1	No specific role
schaller	protofuzz	1	All-Hands Person
nate	protomatter	1	
adamkennedy	proton-ce	0	Developer
blm	proton-ce	0	Developer
derjoni	proton-ce	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jenne22	proton-ce	0	Graphic/Other Designer
pfuschi	proton-ce	0	Developer
sir_lichtkind	proton-ce	1	Project Manager
techcode_net	proton-ce	0	Developer
echoprog	protonium	1	
danielpontello	protontoolkit	1	
shiflett	protoscope	1	Project Manager
semfind	prototypewidget	1	
agibbs1	protrak	1	Graphic/Other Designer
alavelle	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
fgarcia2	protrak	1	Doc Writer
marbenitez	protrak	1	Developer
ogodinez	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
spencer_koy	protrak	1	Requirements Engineering
jayclassless	providerfactory	1	
fperezpa	providers	1	Developer
ggallo	providers	0	Developer
gmeyer1604	providers	1	
namorrortu	providers	1	Developer
michaelman	prowser	1	Developer
betanik	proxool	0	Developer
billhorsman	proxool	1	
brenuart	proxool	0	Developer
chr32	proxool	0	Developer
gards	proxool	0	Developer
musicstar	proxool	0	Developer
chousz	proxyj	1	
jormuocu	proyectocree	1	
demian0311	prysm	1	
kkt49	preparedsql	1	
doc_savage	projectgrowl	1	
sterlingbutts	projectgrowl	1	Project Manager
bithexe	protewiz	1	Developer
matysiak	protewiz	1	
amn3s1a	ps2dev	0	
karmix	ps2dev	1	Developer
kvaks	ps2dev	0	Developer
lovely	ps2dev	0	No specific role
mrbrown	ps2dev	0	Developer
now3d	ps2dev	0	No specific role
oobles	ps2dev	1	Project Manager
rc5stint	ps2dev	0	Developer
scotti	ps2dev	0	Developer
sjeep	ps2dev	0	Developer
thyng	ps2dev	0	Tester
bnaughton	psa-api	1	
cdempsie	psa-api	0	Developer
chris_manning	psa-api	1	All-Hands Person
dt0000	psa-api	1	All-Hands Person
g_bruce	psa-api	1	Project Manager
mike_hosking	psa-api	1	Developer
robertmm	psa-api	1	
sjosborne	psa-api	1	Project Manager
tonyobrien	psa-api	1	Project Manager
aball	psc	1	
georgetho	pscux	0	Developer
iscux	pscux	1	
yoda22281	psjavalibrary	1	No specific role
davidconnell	psoweb	1	
bstpierre	psp-web	1	
charlie-pspde	pspde	1	Developer
kevina	pspell	1	
psequeira	psplogger	1	All-Hands Person
seforest	psplogger	0	
keidel	psplots	1	Project Manager
yoda22281	psretprojects	1	
bearmini	pstools	1	
francisandre	pstreams	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
redi	pstreams	1	Developer
robertmacgrogan	pswing	1	
psychomad	psycholib	1	
alphatia	ptclanserver	1	
ceeclipse	ptclanserver	0	Developer
darkbyte	ptclanserver	0	Developer
icthux	ptclanserver	0	Developer
quantumfusion	ptclanserver	0	Developer
zorainic	ptclanserver	0	Developer
foozy	ptlog	1	
ned14	ptmalloc2	1	
myddrin	ptmb	1	
rpbg123	ptr-vector	1	
forsaken_dragon	ptrivia	1	Project Manager
jeffwilson12	ptrivia	0	Web Designer
programmer16	ptrivia	1	
hovik	ptypes	1	Developer
jpr5	ptypes	0	Developer
mark_lentczner	ptypes	0	Developer
jschmidlapp	pthreads-emb	1	
craneandcrow	publictest	0	Web Designer
ianmills	publictest	1	
dtroller	pul	1	Developer
morb	pul	1	Developer
gfuta	pulpit	1	Project Manager
mikosoft	pulpit	1	
pawlos	pulpit	1	Developer
pstachal	pulpit	0	Developer
opium	pulpitum	1	Developer
kolham	pumaengine	0	Developer
sevendust	pumaengine	1	
rotsenm	puno	1	
antonyhosking	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
frankm78	purdue-penumbra	1	Project Manager
igorfoox	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
justinmanus	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
shazbotus	purdue-penumbra	0	Developer
rwehrli	purdy	1	
klorofil	purefect	1	
jabberbeak	pureinteraction	1	
alil	purple	1	Developer
bunnz	purple	1	All-Hands Person
klhurley	purple	0	Developer
m_hael	purple	0	Developer
caye	pushex	1	Developer
hendrik-speck	pushex	0	Developer
weidlix	pushex	1	Developer
stodge	pv3dglib	1	
natenewz	pvigil	0	Developer
newz2000	pvigil	1	
wilhelmi	pvm-plus-plus	1	Project Manager
caseyrad	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
habitaire	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
interpro	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
jeff4amy	pvxhelpdesk	1	Project Manager
ldoornek	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
lleavell	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mcclegd	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mcongdon	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
mrbojangles	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
nealmckinney	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
nth	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
shornick	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
coppertronian	pword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mnoon	pword	1	Developer
petertt	pword	0	Developer
aditsu	pwrgrid	0	Developer
black_adder	pwrgrid	1	
bmuirhead	pwss	1	Developer
simplespirit	pwss	1	
d_starke	pxelasticlayout	1	
rodrigogarcia	pxjpf	1	
yayo75	pxw4pa	1	
ahinzmann	pxl	0	Developer
erdmann	pxl	1	Project Manager
geromueller	pxl	1	
matthiaskirsch	pxl	0	Developer
mplum	pxl	0	Developer
oactis	pxl	1	Project Manager
rfischer	pxl	0	Developer
steggemann	pxl	1	Project Manager
tklimk	pxl	0	Developer
ggarside	py-cctype	1	Developer
gbrunet	py-dbase	1	
csm-101	py-universe	0	Developer
gbay	py-universe	0	Project Manager
jmacy	py-universe	0	Developer
jstrout	py-universe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
lalo	py-universe	0	Developer
rdmurray	py-universe	0	Developer
thancock	py-universe	1	Content Management
zigguratt	py-universe	0	Developer
romeu_pieritz	pyaalib	1	
sch	pyacad	1	Project Manager
codon	pyaes	1	
cl4ud10	pyagend	1	
dcohen	pyagent	1	Project Manager
dmakogon	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
dougfort	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
jgriffin716	pyagent	1	Developer
agriggio	pyallegro	1	Developer
akx	pyallegro	1	Project Manager
elias	pyallegro	0	Developer
gradha	pyallegro	1	Developer
jmtapio	pyallegro	1	Developer
zorder	pyalog	1	
chodorowski	pyaros	1	Project Manager
falemagn	pyaros	0	Developer
e078120	pyawk	1	
raghuprasad	pybackend	1	
yuriy_levchenko	pybind	1	
bwarsaw	pybsddb	0	Developer
greg	pybsddb	1	Developer
itamar	pybsddb	0	Developer
jcea	pybsddb	1	Developer
merel	pybsddb	0	Developer
robind	pybsddb	1	Project Manager
htgoebel	pycalendar	1	
jr31	pycamelot	1	
kangounator	pycamelot	1	Project Manager
sro	pycddb	1	
lawson89	pycdk	1	
necoro	pycdk	1	Project Manager
dmakovey	pycli	1	
franzg	pyclips	1	Project Manager
johanlindberg	pyclips	0	
fossie	pyconfigfile	1	
gangesmaster	pyconstruct	1	
pieronne	pyconstruct	0	Developer
vdham	pyconstruct	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cnoviello	pycrash	1	
micahgeek	pydar	1	
atotic	pydev	1	
fabioz	pydev	1	Project Manager
seanlh	pydev	0	Developer
rclbelem	pydistcc	1	
gisbertamm	pydtddoc	1	Project Manager
jhermann	pydtddoc	0	Developer
larsga	pydtddoc	0	Developer
cyke64	pyed	1	
revolvevolution	pyeditce	1	
tjwarren	pyedlin	1	
rynklly	pyenchant	1	
nhead	pyerlbridge	1	
ryan_rousseau	pyflickr	1	
ryan	pygconf	1	
brentsimpson	pygecko	0	
matiu	pygecko	1	
aronacher	pygments	1	Developer
gbrandl	pygments	1	
preisl	pygnome-tools	1	
god7i11a	pygoldmine	1	Developer
pobrien	pygoldmine	1	
cavada	pygtkmvc	1	Project Manager
catsick	pyhasp	1	
emarocca	pyhl7	1	
scanepa	pyhl7	1	Developer
johnw42	pyinterface	1	
mcfletch	pyjtf	1	Project Manager
phansen	pyjtf	1	
balinares	pylgrim	1	
luca_picci	pylib3d	1	Developer
nelson1977	pylib3d	1	
mccabe	pylirc	1	
kashabm	pylonparser	1	
thapasya1	pylonparser	1	Analysis / Design
acidbase	pymaemo	1	Project Manager
lucianomw	pymaemo	1	Developer
rodarvus	pymaemo	0	Developer
ruda	pymaemo	0	Developer
dleary	pymetamod	1	
ghum	pymonitor	0	Developer
jonsv322	pymonitor	1	Project Manager
alexgs	pymorph	0	Developer
andresaude	pymorph	1	Project Manager
robertolotufo	pymorph	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
rubensmachado	pymorph	1	All-Hands Person
radian	pymousetrap	1	
gosselin_a	pympy	1	
akukula	pymssql	1	Project Manager
alito	pymssql	1	Developer
exman	pymssql	1	Project Manager
enrico-b	pymusicxml	1	
franzg	pynds	1	
davintsi	pynomo	0	All-Hands Person
lefakkomies	pynomo	1	
hjertnes	pynotesys	1	
tso	pynum2word	1	
bbum	pyobjc	1	
dinu_gherman	pyobjc	0	Tester
dsposx	pyobjc	0	
etrepum	pyobjc	1	All-Hands Person
jackjansen	pyobjc	0	Developer
jvr	pyobjc	0	Developer
ronaldoussoren	pyobjc	1	Developer
sdm7g	pyobjc	1	
zbir	pyobjc	0	
mathematician	pyobjfs	1	
mkleehammer	pyodbc	1	Developer
bhartshorn	pyode	0	
broehl	pyode	0	
glasserc	pyode	0	Developer
mbaas	pyode	1	
perspex	pyode	1	
devpower	pyparport	1	
ptmcg	pyparsing	1	
mbogosian	pypaws	1	
josiahcarlson	pype	1	
noah	pypect	1	
djslim	pypeline	1	
acapnotic	pypi	0	Developer
akuchling	pypi	1	Project Manager
amk	pypi	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	pypi	0	Developer
camarajm	pypi	0	Developer
fdrake	pypi	0	Developer
jlgijsbers	pypi	0	Developer
joearmbruster	pypi	0	
loewis	pypi	1	Developer
micktwomey	pypi	0	Developer
montanaro	pypi	0	
richard	pypi	1	
labrett	pyprc	1	All-Hands Person
markokocic	pyprojs	1	Project Manager
mishra-_-	pypysics	1	
pck_	pyqt-wrapper	1	
greg_lindstrom	pyrecord	1	
jakacki	pyroe	1	
klvon	pysaprfc	1	
dap24	pysc	1	
patricioros	pyscin	1	
dclark	pysdl	1	
mbaker	pysdl	1	
cliechti	pyserial	1	All-Hands Person
aguiar	pysnippet	1	
irvazquez	pysnort	1	
illume	pysoftwire	1	
oodoo	pysoftwire	0	
drink151	pyssh	1	
mwa	pyssh	1	No specific role
rasjidw	pyssh	1	Project Manager
olav	pyswt	1	
sesamoid	pytesttools	1	
ftobin	pythius	1	Developer
jhermann	pythius	1	Project Manager
jjap	pythoj	1	Developer
daniel	python-apt	1	
mvo	python-apt	1	Developer
philipdumont	python-gtkextra	0	Developer
treeves	python-gtkextra	1	Project Manager
bwinton	python-hotsync	0	Developer
rick_price	python-hotsync	1	Project Manager
aschauer	python-ldap	0	Developer
davidma	python-ldap	0	
deepak_giri	python-ldap	0	Developer
jajcus	python-ldap	0	Developer
jlt63	python-ldap	0	Developer
kchuguev	python-ldap	0	Developer
leonard	python-ldap	1	Developer
mhammond	python-ldap	0	Developer
stroeder	python-ldap	1	All-Hands Person
bwarsaw	python-mode	1	
edloper	python-mode	0	Developer
kbk	python-mode	0	Developer
klm	python-mode	1	Project Manager
montanaro	python-mode	1	Project Manager
ndrsrhlr	python-mode	0	Developer
kashif_iftikhar	python-utils	1	
calroc99	python-xlib	1	
funkiedamouse	python-xlib	1	Developer
jgardn	python-xlib	0	
mggrant	python-xlib	1	Developer
moshez	python-xlib	0	
mtigges	python-xlib	0	
mwm	python-xlib	1	
petli	python-xlib	1	
zampire	python-xlib	1	
ivazquez	python4c	1	Project Manager
abelcodemonk	pythoncard	0	Developer
alextweedly	pythoncard	1	Developer
andy47	pythoncard	1	Developer
danshafer	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
davidmcnab	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
heydan	pythoncard	1	
kasplat	pythoncard	1	Developer
kwallmar	pythoncard	0	Developer
l2kphil	pythoncard	0	Developer
monkyboy	pythoncard	1	Developer
nyamatongwe	pythoncard	1	Developer
pobrien	pythoncard	0	Developer
rhettinger	pythoncard	0	Developer
robind	pythoncard	1	Developer
phil_schwartz	pythondateutil	1	
brujahpriest	pythondbo	1	No specific role
jfranz	pythondbo	1	No specific role
ccraig	pythonic	1	Developer
courageous	pythonic	1	
jkraska	pythonic	1	Developer
brianlloyd	pythonnet	1	Project Manager
g_braad	pythonnet	0	Developer
hardcoded	pythonnet	0	Developer
jfrayne	pythonnet	0	Developer
johnburnett	pythonnet	0	Developer
tiran	pythonnet	1	Project Manager
bwinton	pythonpalmdb	1	No specific role
jeffmikels	pythonpalmdb	0	Developer
rick_price	pythonpalmdb	1	
sju_hawk	pythonsdl	1	
bkc	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
ssthapa	pythonsiphon	1	
theller	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
mjfoord	pythonutils	1	
pooryorick	pythoric	1	
joshua_worth	pytrilib	1	
drdivano	pytvision	1	
zenzen	pytz	1	
otsov	pyuiq	1	
purcell	pyunit	1	
wander_lairson	pyusb	1	
burgbach	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
deve	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dutoitc	pyut	1	Project Manager
nhamadi	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nicdub	pyut	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
pdabrowski	pyut	0	Developer
pwaelti	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
artimage	pyutil	0	Developer
mapcar	pyutil	0	Developer
mccoy	pyutil	0	Developer
myers_carpenter	pyutil	1	
nejucomo	pyutil	0	Developer
tav	pyutil	0	Developer
zooko	pyutil	1	
pineapple_liu	pyuuid	1	
phreakster001	pyvgl	1	Project Manager
shindich	pyweakreference	1	
blunck2	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
boverhof	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
cmoad	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
eolson	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
feanor420	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
irjudson	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
mateo41	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
pooryorick	pywebsvcs	1	
rsalz	pywebsvcs	1	All-Hands Person
sanxiyn	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
tyger23	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
warnes	pywebsvcs	1	Project Manager
artymiak	pyxhtml	1	
adewale	pyxmlunit	1	
tarruella	pyxmlunit	1	
jtjbrady	pyxntp	1	
fpierfed	pyxpa	1	Project Manager
npirzkal	pyxpa	1	Developer
yurand	pyxrandr	1	
amersohail794	o2x	1	
fguillau	o3dge	1	Project Manager
massilla	o3dge	1	Project Manager
vishal_kochhar	oaklib	1	
oyoaha	oalnf	1	
dex008	oao	1	
wedoi	oas	1	
adrianprice	obe	1	Project Manager
aeden	obe	1	Project Manager
dengwu	obe	0	Developer
garagan	obe	0	Developer
garybollinger	obe	1	Project Manager
tlodge	obe	0	Developer
wburdick	ober	1	
bluestrm	obfuscatejs	1	
neurolabs	obfuscatejs	1	Developer
obfusk	obfusk	1	Developer
chrisridd	objcsax	1	
camposj	objectbase	1	Project Manager
clombardi	objectbase	0	
hliendo	objectbase	1	Project Manager
ibottero	objectbase	0	
jfernandes	objectbase	0	
leito_1980	objectbase	0	
luchorey	objectbase	0	Developer
matthewthegrey	objectbase	0	Developer
npasserini	objectbase	1	Project Manager
obi_juan_kenobi	objectbase	1	Project Manager
rgluck	objectbase	0	
sancey	objectbase	0	Developer
frb-de	objectbrowser	1	All-Hands Person
luizfernando	objectcircuits	1	Developer
matheusleite	objectcircuits	1	Project Manager
brettryan	objectgrid	1	All-Hands Person
jae	objective-gtk	1	No specific role
fmrfirebird	objective3d	1	Project Manager
oasp	objectiveasp	1	All-Hands Person
will_mason	objectivelib	1	
spyder_tl	objectlibdoc	1	
jnye	objectthread	1	
julianreich	objectum	1	
firdaus_halim	objmap	1	
kuba-11	obskurator	1	
ozanbilici	obsoft	1	
farcrafter	obtruder	1	
sreuter	obfuscatephp5	1	
mkallman	objectcache	1	
garzol	ocamaweb	1	Project Manager
jbesnard	ocamaweb	0	Developer
jf-leg	ocamaweb	0	Web Designer
true_garzol	ocamaweb	0	Editorial/Content Writer
chris_77	ocaml-benchmark	1	
smimram	ocaml-glpk	1	
adubey	ocaml-lib	1	
bhurt	ocaml-lib	0	
jjhellst	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
mottl	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
my_login	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
ncannasse	ocaml-lib	1	Project Manager
rwmjones	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
skaller	ocaml-lib	0	
trevarthan	ocaml-lib	0	Developer
yori	ocaml-lib	0	
d_plaindoux	ocaml-xml	1	
oliv__a	ocamlplot	1	
vl_o	occsketcher	1	
kasspip	occultation	1	Project Manager
mauhuur	oci8ml	1	
i90410	ocibc	1	
jhwoodyatt	ocnae	1	All-Hands Person
tectsoft	ocs-comps	1	
zifnabbe	ocs-comps	0	
gnufied	octave-gtk	0	
gnumuthu	octave-gtk	1	Developer
nextcoder	octopi	1	
llcostalonga	octopusmusic	1	
qchamaeleon	ocurl	1	
robertfischer	ocurl	0	Developer
gonzoua	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
logicblue	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
nayan	odbc-class-lib	0	Developer
peteralexharvey	odbc-class-lib	1	
toostepsback	odbms-utils	1	
danfengr	oddas	0	
peterb	oddas	1	
tdrury	oddas	1	
pmacko	odegl	1	
sadi69	odegl	0	Developer
d_cent	odf	1	Developer
delkian	odf	0	
kanga	odf	0	
king_lo	odf	1	
mbach2	odf	0	
clsdaniel	odkit	1	
odubay	odpdom	1	
azeneski	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
bwesley	ofbiz	0	
byersa	ofbiz	0	Developer
ccnelson	ofbiz	0	
cjne	ofbiz	0	Developer
davidoo	ofbiz	0	
dustinsc	ofbiz	0	
eckardjf	ofbiz	0	
epabst	ofbiz	0	
jonesde	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
justaman	ofbiz	0	Developer
ofbiztest	ofbiz	0	
razorb	ofbiz	0	
rgielen	ofbiz	0	
sincnet	ofbiz	0	Tester
stephenloosli	ofbiz	0	Distributor/Promoter
carstenbreuer	ofc	1	Project Manager
geurt	ofc	0	
ideras	ofc	0	Developer
shadowdog	ofc	1	Developer
timussch	ofc	0	Developer
robert_futrell	officelnfs	1	
cdlu	oftc	1	Project Manager
cry0gen	oftc	1	Developer
eelf	oftc	1	Unix Admin
freeworldircd	oftc	0	Developer
mattinx	oftc	1	Developer
mikegrb	oftc	0	Developer
miroman	oftc	1	Developer
winjer	oftc	0	Developer
aeschylus	oges	0	
plange	oges	1	Project Manager
ttr	oges	1	
jeffm2501	ogf	1	
callmeott	oggonachip	1	
rdorsch71	oggonachip	1	
saiph	oggonachip	1	
johnw_tw	ogl-lib	1	Support Technician
p3p3	ogl-lib	1	
weha_su	ogl-lib	1	Developer
ensiform	oglib	0	Developer
ttk-bandit	oglib	1	
bobvodka	oglwfw	1	
hfettig	ogpm	0	Developer
jkring	ogpm	1	Developer
jpdrolet	ogpm	0	
kshif	ogpm	0	
labviewer	ogpm	0	
mballa	ogpm	0	Developer
mikeashe	ogpm	0	
njkirchner	ogpm	0	Developer
photon_dan	ogpm	0	Developer
pjm_design	ogpm	1	Developer
valiot	ogpm	1	Project Manager
okdoc	ogrejuggler	1	Developer
elemings	ogs	1	
balthazore	ogscorp	0	Developer
locvez	ogscorp	1	Developer
mavu	ojama	1	
aselkirk	oje	1	
dherman	oje	0	
nicferrier	oje	1	
perryn	oje	0	
shiao	oje	0	
snowy	oje	0	
wielaard	oje	0	
duboisvi	ojef	1	
brovienas	okcomponents	1	
dgil	okernel	1	Project Manager
pive	okernel	1	Developer
pfeiffer	okopo	1	
olegyk	olegykj	1	Project Manager
dayu	olims	0	
menggb	olims	1	
roguemtl	olstrans	1	
sdonovan	olstrans	0	
wensong	olstrans	0	
zeevon	olstrans	0	
tbergmann	oltp-platform	1	
dropfred	om2t	1	
abdelkarim	oma-scts	0	Developer
bbralo	oma-scts	0	
calpaugh	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
chpham	oma-scts	1	Developer
ddixson73	oma-scts	1	All-Hands Person
dgc03052	oma-scts	0	
duke4ever79	oma-scts	0	
nico01h	oma-scts	0	
oma-scts	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
pthompson509	oma-scts	0	Developer
shads78	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
u970133	oma-scts	0	
vitali42	oma-scts	0	Developer
yannperier	oma-scts	0	Developer
andruua	omega-engine	1	
jglatz	omega-hsm	1	
ldl	omega	1	
mdc	omega	0	
mdc-omega	omega	0	
mpepper	omega	0	
omega-mdc	omega	0	
toad	omega	0	
whitten	omega	1	
indigo_sunrise	omegaengine	0	Developer
jprivett	omegaengine	1	Developer
sedimin	omgrofl	1	
jockmacmad	omjstate	1	
ahmedmisry	omlx	0	Developer
nahedh	omlx	1	
omar_alfudhaily	omlx	0	No specific role
omlx	omlx	1	Project Manager
dyland	omniproject	1	Developer
yanii	omniproject	1	
shanky_tiwari	omom	1	Project Manager
tomasliq	omtk	1	
bensch128	omtoolbox	0	
firas_3d	omtoolbox	0	Developer
henrykorol	omtoolbox	1	All-Hands Person
jakobwelner	omtoolbox	1	Project Manager
j-wicz	omtoolbox	0	Developer
varomix	omtoolbox	0	
vzheiska	omtoolbox	0	Developer
walther_jeppe	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
keeleyd	ompx	1	Project Manager
hmiplar	onejvm	0	
ikestrel	onejvm	1	Project Manager
thlee	onemind-commons	1	
one-source	onesource	1	
benalex	oness	0	
carlossg	oness	1	
mavensync	oness	0	
izekia	onestools	1	
bjhindman	onewirepd	1	Developer
egocentric	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
jpat	onewirepd	1	Project Manager
nishu_naga	onlinebackup	1	
gresrun	onlinenic4j	1	
gldneagl	onmobile	1	Project Manager
navpar	onmobile	1	Project Manager
j3nda	onscenedialog	1	
schombert	onscheme	1	
tomt64	onyxce	1	
tregnago	onbi	1	
bwcto	oo-browser	1	
abah	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
ahyeop	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
bustamam	oo-l10n-my	1	Project Manager
sebol	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
sharuzzaman	oo-l10n-my	1	All-Hands Person
webmastermelayu	oo-l10n-my	1	Unix Admin
umdenken	oo-widgets	1	
zalthar	oo3dengine	1	Project Manager
derekberube	ooarsapi	1	
m94asr	oobench	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
sck	oobench	1	
taoism	oofb	1	
eggert_larsen	oom	1	
blendi	ooml	1	Developer
thjordan	ooml	1	Developer
tommy_butler	ooopps	1	Project Manager
borgers	oopl	1	Project Manager
entropy	ooxml	1	
globbi	ooxml	1	
snooze	ooxml	1	
dave_edwards	opag	1	Project Manager
dcardamo	opag	1	
msoulier	opag	1	Project Manager
beharrell	opcxml	1	
iwilloug	open-arm	0	Developer
naedphil	open-arm	1	Developer
xtrnmst	open-arm	1	All-Hands Person
alfredoport	open-axiom	0	Developer
billpage	open-axiom	0	Developer
chaosii	open-axiom	0	No specific role
dos-reis	open-axiom	1	Project Manager
hemmecke	open-axiom	0	Developer
chkibiki	open-collab	1	
miguelindurain	open-collab	1	
the_dean	open-collab	1	
zaitsevv	open-collab	1	
edwardbenson	open-dbexpress	1	Project Manager
pult	open-dbexpress	0	Developer
akia	open-portal	1	
fxiaodi	open-pragmatic	1	
computergeek693	open-release	0	Developer
jvaliente	open-sstcp	1	All-Hands Person
the_valium	open-sstcp	0	
irfanb	open-top	0	Developer
roblugt	open-top	1	
asriley	openagent	1	
gleo	openai	1	Project Manager
thornhalo	openai	1	Developer
quattro004	openal-net-sdk	1	
grandzebu	openbarcodes	1	
daniil_guit	openbgi	1	
jsheets	openbooks	1	
abajolet	opencare	1	Developer
eincande	opencare	1	Project Manager
benlogan	opencbp	0	
busfahrer	opencbp	0	Developer
dchapes	opencbp	1	All-Hands Person
deklund2	opencbp	0	Developer
flu_id	opencbp	1	Project Manager
fmarletta	opencbp	0	Developer
ljrpicasso	opencbp	0	Developer
messy	opencbp	0	Developer
ppl	opencbp	1	Developer
toph	opencbp	0	
marktoml	openclips	1	Developer
thsutton	openclips	1	Developer
twcook	openclips	1	
dantoro	opencmsmoddev	0	Developer
dave_schoorl	opencmsmoddev	1	All-Hands Person
lostingamma	opencocoa	1	
coder_1024	opendds	1	
oth3r1if3_sf	opendds	1	Developer
sco77	opendds	1	Developer
totten_s	opendds	1	Project Manager
david_lovegrove	opendgui	1	
infosecpolice	opendhtmlspy	0	Project Manager
opendhtmlspy	opendhtmlspy	1	
matzek	opendocser	1	
abretz	opendte	0	Developer
amessner	opendte	1	Project Manager
dpfeifle	opendte	1	Project Manager
mgriffel	opendte	1	Project Manager
mrumpf	opendte	1	Project Manager
mschneid	opendte	0	Developer
bcdc1980	opendws	0	
jymloke1125	opendws	0	Developer
mauriceling	opendws	1	Project Manager
paulwong	opendws	0	
akia	openecm	1	
arthur_cheng	openemcee	0	
chris_fauerbach	openemcee	0	
msroane	openemcee	0	Doc Writer
rbnewton	openemcee	0	
schenksj	openemcee	1	Project Manager
yxk	openemcee	0	
sgould	openforecast	1	
bajopalabra	openfox	1	
ekdahl	openfury	0	Developer
klahr	openfury	1	
brunonicoletti	openfxshakehost	1	
dcandela	openfxshakehost	1	
rminsk	openfxshakehost	0	
joleuger	opengameconsole	1	Project Manager
groliffe	opengc	0	Developer
madmartigan	opengc	1	
xcastle	opengc	0	Developer
shnam7	opengcl	1	
kingn	openglc2	1	
joekrahn	openglut	0	Developer
nigels	openglut	1	
gkirkend	opengraph	1	Project Manager
kjetilja	opengrid	1	Project Manager
lauvset	opengrid	1	Project Manager
marzullo	opengrid	0	Developer
patrickjchase	opengrid	0	Developer
ashishuttarwar	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
brannigan	opengtoolkit	0	
brian175	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
chrisdavis3587	opengtoolkit	0	
crelf	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dafemec	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dhouser	opengtoolkit	0	
dr_ivel	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
eodickens	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
harre	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
hfettig	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jgoeres	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jkring	opengtoolkit	1	
jpdrolet	opengtoolkit	0	
jtrager	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
kejavalen	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
klostej	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
kshif	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
labviewer	opengtoolkit	0	
mashe	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
matthewharrison	opengtoolkit	0	
mballa	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
mhenz	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
mzl	opengtoolkit	0	
orko_polo	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
pjm_design	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
rtalbott	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
sullutions	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
t0605tv	opengtoolkit	0	
tmaila	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
tonpg	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
undees	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
xuesongj	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
jotto	openhelloworld	1	
jmarranz	openinnowhere	1	
ashore	openises	1	Developer
robertaustin	openises	1	Project Manager
jmsalvo	openjgraph	1	
oqube	openjgraph	1	Project Manager
biorn_steedom	openjmx	1	Project Manager
tibu	openjmx	1	Project Manager
arthc	openlegends	0	Developer
joaopinheiro	openlegends	0	Web Designer
kronuz	openlegends	1	Project Manager
littlebuddy	openlegends	1	Project Manager
jbrohan	openlvlibs	1	Developer
mj_cole	openlvlibs	1	
bmackiew	openmap	1	Project Manager
dfdietrick	openmap	1	Developer
gknauth	openmap	1	Developer
pmanghwani	openmap	1	Developer
tmitchel	openmap	1	Developer
anyff	openmdx	0	Developer
brunostuder	openmdx	0	Tester
crixpcmu	openmdx	1	Content Management
dirty-harry	openmdx	1	Developer
donatmueller	openmdx	0	Developer
wfro	openmdx	1	Project Manager
garagecube	openmediatoolkt	1	
captain_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
mrmouse_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
noescom	opennet	1	
gsutter	openpackages	1	Project Manager
harlan	openpackages	0	Developer
reallost1	openpackages	1	
wca	openpackages	1	Developer
ununhexium	openpickit	1	
haslup	openpjb	0	Developer
jtl	openpjb	0	Developer
marquee	openpjb	0	Developer
mloos	openpjb	1	Project Manager
ndecker	openpjb	0	Developer
rmcpeak	openpjb	0	Developer
ttammisa	openpjb	0	Developer
bfulgham	openpoplog	0	Developer
bsl	openpoplog	0	Developer
jeffreytbest	openpoplog	1	Project Manager
jlc2	openpoplog	1	No specific role
nicoaragon	openpoplog	0	Developer
rogerevans	openpoplog	1	Developer
sfkleach	openpoplog	1	Developer
mmiissp	openprintassist	1	Project Manager
vidyra	openprintassist	1	Developer
skybuck	openptcdelphi	1	Project Manager
arminsteinhoff	openqnx	1	
dmi_a	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
hojbjerg	openqnx	0	Developer
liug	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
ssobolev	openqnx	0	Developer
aernst	openquasar	0	Developer
alexjost	openquasar	1	All-Hands Person
juergenkrey	openquasar	1	Project Manager
krs1	openquasar	0	Support Manager
marcus_rickert	openquasar	0	Developer
mvdesche	openquasar	0	Developer
nuenning	openquasar	0	Support Manager
ojuwig	openquasar	0	Support Manager
axcelis	openqueue	0	
mattj	openqueue	1	
mt8168	openria	1	
lggoundalkar	openrims	1	
codecamel	openrj	0	All-Hands Person
matsys	openrj	1	
tassiedevil	openrj	0	Developer
dougwa	openroad-plus	1	
alpineguy	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
exodist	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
garitaiya	openrpg-gde	1	Project Manager
gigaclon	openrpg-gde	0	Developer
nerdnetwork	openrpg-gde	1	Web Designer
sonryoga	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
rolly-polly	openrules	1	
alan	opensched	1	Project Manager
guyou	opensched	1	Project Manager
mdewilde	opensde	1	Project Manager
johndison	opensetup	1	
andihess	openshore	0	Developer
hadan	openshore	0	Developer
heschulz	openshore	1	Project Manager
mayrk	openshore	0	Developer
perkens	openshore	0	Developer
tammo	openshore	1	Developer
dunng808	openslate	1	
jbscoutberlin	opensmalloffice	1	
beoch	openstore	1	
linuxfan_	openstudio	0	
spooker	openstudio	1	
kxu	opensxdl	1	Developer
mokona	opensxdl	1	Developer
tb_2000	opentheme	0	Project Manager
weiqj	opentheme	1	
chrisbrandtner	opentk	0	Developer
the_fiddler	opentk	1	
biclinton	opentools	1	
pubuser	opentools	0	
baofenye	openusb	0	Developer
fanyuan	openusb	0	Developer
fritsv	openusb	1	
hjelmn	openusb	0	Developer
lei_chen	openusb	1	Developer
milewis1	openusb	0	Developer
reflectivist	openusb	0	Developer
sophiali	openusb	1	Developer
xiaoxin	openusb	0	Developer
bestracer	openvisa	0	
kraptor	openvisa	0	
loott	openvisa	1	Project Manager
maurmo	openvisa	0	Developer
alokranjan	openvrms	0	Developer
findajit	openvrms	1	Project Manager
kamal_osho	openvrms	0	Developer
sahn0	openw	1	
andreas_hu	openwebload	0	Developer
pjohnsen	openwebload	1	Developer
lazio	openwf	1	
bkraft	openwfe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
fpiccand	openwfe	0	Developer
gjoseph	openwfe	0	Developer
jmettraux	openwfe	1	Project Manager
lukas_eder	openwfe	0	Developer
rjennings	openwfe	0	Developer
rzebram	openwfe	0	Developer
sakag_blue	openwfe	0	Developer
smettraux	openwfe	0	Developer
azhrarnlod	openwinbot	1	Project Manager
blue_star	openwinbot	0	Developer
braindigitalis	openwinbot	1	Developer
brano111	openwince	0	Developer
flegy	openwince	0	Developer
jfabo	openwince	1	Developer
kshuang	openwince	0	Developer
michael_hora	openwince	1	Developer
telka	openwince	1	Project Manager
cesschneider	openworks	1	
regisnet	openworks	0	Tester
carcharius	openxdk	0	Developer
caustik	openxdk	1	Project Manager
edwardsc	openxdk	1	Developer
friedgold	openxdk	0	Developer
t0m_	openxdk	0	Developer
arthc	openzelda	0	
dandel1984	openzelda	0	Developer
dragon-fang	openzelda	0	
joaopinheiro	openzelda	0	
kouruu	openzelda	1	Developer
kronuz	openzelda	1	Project Manager
openzelda	openzelda	1	Project Manager
strider-gu	openzelda	0	
suzuka09	openzelda	0	Developer
system_failure	openzelda	0	
cug	opframeworks	0	All-Hands Person
mikesch	opframeworks	1	
theisen	opframeworks	1	
ulicht	opframeworks	0	Developer
westheide	opframeworks	0	Developer
pier1972	opnieuw	1	
korba812	opowapi	1	
purp	optdoc	1	
bwarsaw	optik	0	Developer
freso	optik	0	
goodger	optik	1	Developer
gward	optik	1	Project Manager
terrelshumway	optik	0	Developer
papablues	optionutil	1	
masanakahara	optionzero	0	Developer
tak-yoshida	optionzero	1	Project Manager
yoshibou	optionzero	0	Developer
firesnowball	opensearchit	1	
cnos_team	opencloud	1	
mcavallo	opencloud	1	
blavla	opencakefile	0	Developer
youngc527	opencakefile	1	
gabor_kover	oql2jdo	1	
kresho	oraexp	1	Project Manager
duenker	oraload	1	Project Manager
bryanth	oranjestad	1	
nahor	orbaddons	1	Developer
yohan-orb	orbaddons	1	
chris_orbit	orbitsme	1	
mystifier	oregex	1	
jandockx	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
markono5	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
peterbla	org-jutil	1	Project Manager
tschrijvers	org-jutil	0	Developer
laza2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
ravne2000	orion2000	1	Project Manager
fbfd	orm4j	1	Developer
schroeder_j	orm4j	1	Developer
s_holder	orm4j	1	Developer
yuriyb	ormyx	1	
cierniak	orp	1	Project Manager
xiaofeng_li	orp	0	Developer
xshi2	orp	0	Developer
wiseguy586	orpg2k	1	
emalotau	orunit	1	
ildar	os-development	1	
danewsmith	os-promo-distro	1	
eiffel777	os-promo-distro	1	Developer
sir_lojik	os-weblib	1	
enugroho	osa-lam	1	Developer
rturk	osa-lam	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gstewart4	osage	1	
daservis	osalp	1	Project Manager
spkmnga	osbob	1	
alexvam	osc-reloaded	1	Project Manager
kreeger	oscar-osx	1	
darkling	oscars	1	
sigmond	oscars	1	Developer
nriesco	oscom	1	
ajv	osda	1	
ariebs	osdb	1	
markir	osdb	0	Developer
maxxis	osdb	0	Developer
petere78	osdb	0	Developer
vapour	osdb	0	Developer
wagnerpj	osdb	0	Developer
dscottwheeler	osdk-tools	1	
airwaves	osdldbt	0	Developer
bullpen	osdldbt	1	Developer
davecramer	osdldbt	0	Developer
dumptruck52	osdldbt	0	Developer
edgingtonj	osdldbt	0	Developer
guster_q	osdldbt	0	Developer
jberkus	osdldbt	0	Developer
jharris	osdldbt	0	Developer
jztpcw	osdldbt	0	Developer
klamath	osdldbt	0	Developer
markwkm	osdldbt	1	Developer
maryedie	osdldbt	0	Developer
min_xu	osdldbt	0	Developer
rilson	osdldbt	0	Developer
rtaylor02	osdldbt	0	Developer
scottiebo	osdldbt	0	Developer
snaga	osdldbt	0	Developer
swu23	osdldbt	0	Developer
taber_loveless	osdldbt	0	Developer
thackeray_s	osdldbt	0	Developer
wookie	osdldbt	0	Developer
jmglov	osdt	1	Project Manager
awheeler	osdtk	1	Developer
jshiffer	osdtk	1	Developer
rustedmatrix	osdtk	1	Developer
grahamd	ose	1	
rafaelmlcb	oses	1	
greenemk	osfree	0	Doc Writer
prokushev	osfree	1	
s_b_s	osfree	0	Developer
valerius2k7	osfree	0	Developer
viking_az	osfree	0	Developer
dkhaywood	osgibundles	1	Developer
rcmatthews	osgibundles	0	
jcermak	osioss	1	Developer
jcothran	osioss	1	
daxlec	oslc	1	
devil_moon	oslc	1	Project Manager
lrontyne	oslc	1	Project Manager
sjkaaria	oslc	1	Project Manager
villoks	oslc	1	Project Manager
cziegeler	osoco	1	Developer
codemangler	ospdflib	1	
dispader	ospi	1	Developer
felipeudel	ospi	0	Developer
ospi	ospi	1	
peridotventures	ospi	1	Developer
silbeg	ospi	0	Developer
chiradip	ospreycontainer	1	
sbutman	osrecruiter	1	
dchud	oss4lib	1	
aggro80	ossdevstudio	1	
krisnod	ossdevstudio	1	Developer
botchagalupe	ossinthehood	1	
jsdever	ost	1	
beyondnet	osts	1	Developer
pbn256	ot4xb	1	
otbsupport	otbsoft	1	
kindman1	otk	1	
sacry1	otlib	1	
alevensalor	otsfrfleetmgmt	0	
hsienkie	otsfrfleetmgmt	1	
jhr87	otsfrfleetmgmt	0	
lukeazariah	otsys	1	
evl	ottobus	1	
intrepion	otim	1	
axe69	ouvert	1	Project Manager
ouvert	ouvert	0	
rfjhonore	ounix	1	
draugdel2	overfhlow	1	
korexio	overfhlow	1	Developer
webot	ovhapi	1	
apurv	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
black-hand	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
cirrusrex	owasp-input-api	0	
cogent	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
gabe100	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
heartogold	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
mcurphey	owasp-input-api	1	
russcoon	owasp-input-api	1	Developer
owinfo	owdatastructs	1	
michaelmess	owinlib	1	
mimaus	owinlib	0	Developer
shenchilang	owlet-code	1	
regrainb	owlib	1	
jogybl	owlnext	1	Developer
yuri_b	owlnext	1	
dmonroy	oxide	1	
slowbyte	ozdev	1	
alpeter	b-forms	1	
delson	babel-lib	1	
unifex	babel-lib	1	Developer
anshil	babylon	1	
ajanicij	babylonlib	1	All-Hands Person
darkomarko	babylonlib	0	Developer
darkoquak	babylonlib	0	
ddarko	babylonlib	1	
hogie	backpedal	1	
anders-agren	bacsharp	1	
skarg	bacsharp	1	Developer
bad_camel	badcamelgaming	1	
sbouma	bagg	1	
ishido	bahur	1	
abzero	baj	1	Developer
dougneal	baj	1	Developer
billyoconnor	bakery	0	Developer
murrayc	bakery	1	Project Manager
mxpxfifws	bakery	1	Developer
shaderman	bakery	0	Developer
fpgui	balise	1	
supercranky	bamcompile	1	
aeinbu	bananadotnet	0	Developer
molokai	bananadotnet	0	Developer
plillevold	bananadotnet	1	
tektor	bananadotnet	0	Developer
evels	banenas	1	
anir	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
banglalinux	banglalinux	1	Developer
rahatayub	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
zahidbd	banglalinux	0	Developer
prabhakar	banjo	1	
stromgt	banteng	1	
denniswachira	baraza	1	
dapissarenko	barchart4palm	1	
mwsimpson	barcodingtools	1	
dashorst	baritus	1	Developer
eelco12	baritus	1	
laurenshop	baritus	1	Developer
the_ellessar	baritus	0	Developer
squidbot	baroque	1	
danathan	basebuilder	0	
jamiemcclelland	basebuilder	1	
um_and_uh	basebuilder	0	Developer
damiancarrillo	baseconv	1	
omerlevy	basengine	1	
frans_lundberg	basestream	1	
tmarkey	bashautomate	1	
pyrolistical	basicj	1	All-Hands Person
agatocles	basicportal	0	Developer
agreysukh	basicportal	0	
basebeans	basicportal	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bkafka	basicportal	0	
brianmaguire	basicportal	0	Project Manager
btomasini	basicportal	0	Developer
dmmorris	basicportal	0	
grenoml	basicportal	0	
hwinship	basicportal	0	
javaman777	basicportal	0	
kevem	basicportal	0	Developer
mkural	basicportal	0	
mpac	basicportal	0	Developer
notstable	basicportal	0	
oshylina	basicportal	0	Developer
rickcr	basicportal	0	Developer
rmatta	basicportal	0	
taylorc	basicportal	0	
thekm	basicportal	0	Developer
thusted	basicportal	0	
tnist	basicportal	0	
vicc	basicportal	0	Project Manager
wgehner	basicportal	0	
mcfletch	basicproperty	1	
terrasoft	basik	1	
pierpaolo_pk81	basil-text	1	
bataviaxbrl	batavia-xbrl	1	Project Manager
josatbatavia	batavia-xbrl	1	Project Manager
robatbatavia	batavia-xbrl	1	Project Manager
ronatbatavia	batavia-xbrl	1	Developer
batch4j	batch4j	1	
amitmehta	batchide	0	Developer
anilpatel25	batchide	0	Developer
dosnlinux	batchide	0	
gigvivek	batchide	1	
rohan-smith	batchpipes	1	
mchaves	batchrenamer	1	
dago	bayonne	0	
dyfet	bayonne	1	
echo	bayonne	0	
fleeflang	bayonne	0	Developer
herrold	bayonne	0	
realophob	bayonne	0	
richbodo	bayonne	1	
scavenger	bayonne	0	
snewpy	bayonne	1	Project Manager
visitor	bayonne	0	Developer
wwaites	bayonne	0	Developer
hconceicao	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
luxspes	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
malby	bbooprevalence	0	Developer
rodrigobamboo	bbooprevalence	1	
bb_dakraxor	bbsocket	1	
jim_stoll	bc4j-multi-row	1	
nmusatti	bcbboost	1	
yozara	bcbboost	0	Developer
bcb_freak	bcbdirectx	1	
bcbwebman	bcbdirectx	0	
turbo	bcbdirectx	0	
kiklop74	bccsdk	1	Developer
kazimirov	bcore	1	
acraciun	bcuml	1	
e9925248	bcusdk	1	
gneug	bcusdk	0	Project Manager
droopy-seb	bdayscalendar	1	
jwin1	bdbadapter	1	
kyagrd	bdbplusplus	1	
trident	bdffont	1	Project Manager
pobrien	bdoz	1	
bmarotta	bds2006config	1	
underdog	beancomponents	1	
peterbecker	beandb	1	Project Manager
rschoening	beanfactory	1	
erik_van_zijst	beanlet	1	
zantvoort	beanlet	1	
johndavidtaylo2	beanpeeler	1	All-Hands Person
johndavidtaylor	beanpeeler	1	
dbrosius	beansource	1	Project Manager
cedrics	bearsui	1	
cdx	beautifyphp	1	Developer
schtorch	beautifyphp	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	bec	1	
jkristia	beck	1	
lkyooo	beeline	1	
brucem	beepcore-c	0	Developer
cphmit	beepcore-c	0	Developer
dnew	beepcore-c	0	Developer
edixon	beepcore-c	0	Developer
huston	beepcore-c	1	Project Manager
jkint	beepcore-c	0	Developer
lallen	beepcore-c	0	Developer
mrose	beepcore-c	0	All-Hands Person
mtr2	beepcore-c	0	Developer
sweetums	beepcore-c	1	All-Hands Person
beep_tomoton	beepcore-java	0	Developer
dblacka	beepcore-java	0	Developer
huston	beepcore-java	1	
kion	beepcore-java	0	Developer
curne	beepcore-ruby	0	
dmoniz	beepcore-ruby	1	
perlmage	beepcore-ruby	0	Developer
dnew	beepcore-tcl	1	
huston	beepcore-tcl	0	Developer
jkint	beepcore-tcl	1	Project Manager
mrose	beepcore-tcl	1	All-Hands Person
petercai	beetopvsaddin	1	
beigetower	beigetower	1	All-Hands Person
dodsongr	beigetower	0	Developer
nghidav	beigetower	0	Developer
realmz	beikolio	1	
alanlb	bekaffe	0	
dmcqueen	bekaffe	0	
greyhame	bekaffe	0	
lorelli	bekaffe	0	
tpaoletti	bekaffe	1	
dlockamy	bella	1	
ysbeer	benepat	1	
beosonline	beosdeved	1	
peterk	bepythoncomp	1	
rsutphin	bering	1	
gedl	berserk	1	Project Manager
jmota	berserk	0	Support Technician
jpvl	berserk	0	Support Technician
marvin79	berserk	0	
sbzero	berserk	0	Support Technician
sergiomontelobo	berserk	0	Developer
hrbrmstr	betabrite	1	
r-gray	bezel	1	
davagin	bfl	1	
alex89ru	bfv89ru	1	
dpfeifle	bgclass	1	
fenger	bgclass	0	
fermium	bgclass	0	
mgriffel	bgclass	1	
tiw3chlo	bgclass	0	
slobberchops	bhrpul	1	
mlacunza	bibliocode	1	
jhermann	bicyclerepair	0	
mathewww	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
mgedmin	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
moshez	bicyclerepair	0	
pdawes	bicyclerepair	1	Project Manager
pfremy	bicyclerepair	0	Developer
weakestlink	big-brother	1	
parcival	bigapache	1	Developer
tadug	bigarithmetic	1	
nekropole	bigint	0	Distributor/Promoter
pmwmedia	bigint	1	Project Manager
peteri	bigloo-lib	0	Developer
wowa	bigloo-lib	1	
levitd	bigtwo	1	
zombi	bigyo	1	
huebsch	billutil	1	
viperb0y	bin2cpp	1	
hlellelid	binarycloud	0	
jcmichel	binarycloud	1	Developer
openface	binarycloud	1	Developer
purestorm	binarycloud	0	Developer
turing	binarycloud	1	Project Manager
mmavrov	binddata2ui	1	
ajanicij	binedit	1	
nickj2000	binscan	1	
amackey	bionexus	0	Developer
astoltzfus	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
mbezruchko	bionexus	1	
rvos	bionexus	0	
tjhladish	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
vivekgopalan	bionexus	1	All-Hands Person
weigangq	bionexus	0	
amazona	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
biosdk	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
biodigitzman_2	bioupdates	1	
vollerchris	birt-opc-oda	1	
bisguard	bisdk	1	
nikboyd	bistro	1	
esumerfd	bitbashers	1	
angarato_surion	bithundler	1	
baitalmal	bitleaf	1	
jraneses	bitreflexds	1	
mfaucher	bitreflexds	0	Developer
pfeiffer	bits-a-gogo	1	
ansuz	bits	1	
marcelkung	bitvector4j	1	
jackal1100	bitxml	1	
dospro	biogb	1	
marioxcc	bineditor	1	
newsboy	black-box	1	
leung135	black-sun	1	
agw_linux	blake	0	Content Management
gkomel	blake	0	
gugou	blake	0	Developer
leecho	blake	0	Developer
lscheidegger	blake	1	Unix Admin
mrcs73	blake	0	Doc Writer
newber	blake	0	Developer
oleiro	blake	0	Developer
peass	blake	1	
rafaelsteil	blake	1	
pavelsavin	blazze	1	Project Manager
devraj	blend	1	
cq2	blijf	1	Project Manager
ejgroene	blijf	1	
ende	blijf	1	Developer
mjevers	blijf	0	All-Hands Person
thijsj	blijf	1	All-Hands Person
user57	bliss	1	All-Hands Person
leeper	bloatedtostring	1	
chris95219	blox-engine	1	
ghowlett	blt	1	Developer
mmclennan	blt	0	Developer
blusoft	blubos	1	
cowand	bluejade	1	
rickgiles	bluejcheckstyle	1	
stedwar2	bluejcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
jharler	bluelib	1	Project Manager
krystal_tech	bluelog	1	
lonnie_pryor	blues	1	
jdjwright	blueskytime	1	
rkrzewsk	blueskytime	0	Developer
cuttersladetd	bluewar	1	Developer
blueware	blueware	1	
binchen1007	bluewonder	0	Doc Writer
david_seidel	bluewonder	1	Project Manager
meedaz	bluewonder	0	Tester
onxo	bluewonder	1	Developer
poethig	bluewonder	1	Analysis / Design
tlk00	bmagic	1	
tolstoy	bmagic	0	Developer
gotthardp	bnfparser2	1	
rsedlac	bnfparser2	1	
vacek	bnfparser2	0	Developer
xrehak	bnfparser2	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
shortcircuit	bnn	1	
jck1307	bocalendar	1	
atamaniuk	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
cameronjr	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
da8	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
jbattenf	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
mfoegen	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
mtandler	bodyofmethods	1	Project Manager
noessler	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
pmetz	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
ptandler	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
jck1307	boforum	1	
thecreator	bokux2d	1	Project Manager
thorgrim_	bokux2d	0	
aivarannamaa	bolero	1	
elizeualcantara	boletophp	1	
jck1307	bomail	1	
anschi	bonezengine	0	Developer
patrys	bonezengine	1	Developer
bonforum	bonforum	1	All-Hands Person
sambitbasu	bongolipi	1	
bonzaii	bonzaiiblumwebs	1	
krischik	booch95	0	All-Hands Person
simonjwright	booch95	1	All-Hands Person
alexis_wilke	boost-extras	1	
dooglio2	boost-extras	1	Developer
andysem	boost-log	1	
aaron_windsor	boost	0	Developer
agurtovoy	boost	0	Developer
akalin	boost	0	Developer
aliazarbayejani	boost	0	Developer
alisdairm27386	boost	0	Developer
alkise	boost	0	Developer
alnsn	boost	0	Developer
andreas_huber69	boost	0	Developer
anthonyw	boost	0	Developer
az_sw_dude	boost	1	Developer
beman_dawes	boost	1	
bgubenko	boost	0	Developer
bill_kempf	boost	0	Developer
biochimia	boost	0	Developer
bjorn_karlsson	boost	0	Developer
blq	boost	0	Developer
boost_admin	boost	0	Developer
brett_calcott	boost	0	Developer
burbelgruff	boost	0	Developer
carlos_p_coelho	boost	0	Developer
cepstein	boost	0	Developer
cgc	boost	0	Developer
chris_kohlhoff	boost	0	Developer
cmb537	boost	0	Developer
cpdaniel	boost	1	Developer
cppljevans	boost	0	Developer
cslittle	boost	0	Developer
daniel_egloff	boost	0	Developer
danieljames	boost	0	Developer
daniel_wallin	boost	0	Developer
dan_marsden	boost	0	Developer
david_abrahams	boost	1	
dfrey42	boost	0	Developer
dgregor	boost	1	Developer
diemumiee	boost	0	
djowel	boost	0	Developer
dlwalker	boost	0	Developer
dramatec	boost	0	Developer
ebf	boost	0	Developer
eric_niebler	boost	0	Developer
fcacciola	boost	0	Developer
ganssauge	boost	0	Developer
gennaro_prota	boost	0	Developer
giovannibajo	boost	0	Developer
glassfordm	boost	0	Developer
gmelquio	boost	0	Developer
grafik	boost	0	Developer
guwi17	boost	0	
gwpowell	boost	0	Developer
hervebronnimann	boost	0	Developer
hevad57	boost	0	Developer
hkaiser	boost	0	Developer
hljin	boost	0	Developer
hubert_holin	boost	0	Developer
igaztanaga	boost	0	Developer
imaman	boost	0	Developer
jano_gaspar	boost	0	
jbandela	boost	0	Developer
jbrandmeyer	boost	0	Developer
jdmoore99	boost	0	Developer
jeffflinn	boost	0	Editorial/Content Writer
jerrydy	boost	0	Developer
jewillco	boost	0	Developer
jhunold	boost	0	Developer
jmaurer	boost	0	
joaquintides	boost	0	Developer
joerg_walter	boost	0	Developer
johnmaddock	boost	1	
jonkalb	boost	0	Developer
jsiek	boost	0	Developer
jsuter	boost	0	Developer
kaalus	boost	0	Developer
kevlin	boost	0	Developer
lbourdev	boost	0	Developer
llee1	boost	0	Developer
mark_rodgers	boost	0	Developer
martin_wille	boost	0	Developer
mathiaskoch	boost	0	Developer
matiascape	boost	0	Developer
mbergal	boost	0	Developer
mclow	boost	0	Developer
memring	boost	0	Developer
mistevens	boost	0	Developer
mmurrett	boost	0	Developer
mrovner	boost	0	
msclrhd	boost	0	Developer
nbecker	boost	0	Developer
nesotto	boost	0	Developer
nicoddemus	boost	0	Developer
nikiml	boost	0	Developer
nimnul	boost	0	Developer
nksauter	boost	0	Developer
nmotgi	boost	0	Developer
nmusatti	boost	0	Developer
noel_belcourt	boost	0	Developer
nuffer	boost	0	Developer
pdimov	boost	0	Developer
pedro_ferreira	boost	0	Developer
pmenso57	boost	0	Developer
pvozenilek	boost	0	Developer
ramey	boost	0	Developer
raoulgough	boost	0	Developer
redi	boost	0	Developer
reportbase	boost	0	Developer
reportbase2004	boost	0	
rgarcia	boost	0	Developer
rogeeff	boost	0	Developer
rwgk	boost	0	Developer
samuel_k	boost	0	Developer
schoepflin	boost	0	Developer
sdiederich	boost	0	Developer
shammah	boost	0	Developer
slapi	boost	0	
speedsnail	boost	0	
srajko	boost	0	
stefan	boost	0	Developer
straszheim	boost	0	Developer
syl	boost	0	Developer
thejcab	boost	0	Developer
tknapen	boost	0	Developer
troyer	boost	0	Developer
t_schwinger	boost	0	Developer
tslettebo	boost	0	Developer
turkanis	boost	0	Developer
urzuga	boost	0	Developer
vawjr	boost	0	Tester
vertleyb	boost	0	Developer
vladimir_prus	boost	0	Developer
witt	boost	0	Developer
wom-work	boost	0	Developer
asola	bootman	1	
okt	borax	1	
chavvakula	borgworx	0	Developer
csedlaczek	borgworx	1	Project Manager
gstampfel	borgworx	0	
jresch	borgworx	0	
theanimal666	borgworx	1	Project Manager
catlingm	bosc	1	
littlezoper	bosco	1	
fmatheus	bossa	1	Developer
gdvieira	bossa	1	Developer
anders1a	bossxo	1	Project Manager
eivindw	bossxo	1	Project Manager
ilmyggo	bossxo	1	Project Manager
olasan	bossxo	0	Developer
olemartin	bossxo	0	Developer
thbieltvedt	bossxo	0	Developer
trondka	bossxo	0	Developer
zepp555	bossxo	1	Project Manager
jatsrt	bosszilla	1	
xeus_man	bottomline	1	
brunolalande	boost4psp	1	Project Manager
xushiwei	boostmm	1	
drosihn	bpe	0	
ferd617	bpe	0	Developer
wilmesj	bpe	1	
yulio	bplus-tree	1	
dcharlton	brainstraindbg	1	
mgpapp	brainterrace	1	
entro-p	breach	1	Developer
gennaro_prota	breeze	1	Developer
sseaman	brej	1	Project Manager
asia	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
pornel	brephp	1	
quiris11	brephp	1	Project Manager
qviri	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
zaphod_bee4	bricklayer-perl	1	
afanofosc_99	bricxcc	1	
peter_pilgrim	bridgetown	1	
alambert33	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
auber	bridgetulipogdf	1	Project Manager
cjolly	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
dibathil	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
jonathandubois	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
nbellino	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
nsorrain	bridgetulipogdf	1	Developer
bobrkp	brownbag	0	Developer
jasonsackett	brownbag	0	Developer
mojoxanadu	brownbag	0	
rsfeir	brownbag	1	
tdnjln	brownbag	0	Web Designer
ubik	brownbag	1	Developer
dougedmunds	brownbuffalo	1	Developer
arjaies	bruiser	1	
kishida0	brv-dev-tools	0	Developer
monaka	brv-dev-tools	1	Project Manager
orexx	bsf4rexx	1	Project Manager
rexx	bsf4rexx	1	
gzzz	bsframework	1	Project Manager
phid75	bsframework	0	All-Hands Person
smlt	bsframework	1	Developer
eric_lindahl	bshcom	1	
eric_lindahl	bshu	1	
devscott	bside	1	Developer
rockstar_	bside	1	Project Manager
damato	bstring-mcc	1	Project Manager
duff2	bstring-mcc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
gnikl	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
itix	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
pbobbenb	bstring-mcc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
sba	bstring-mcc	1	Developer
sindlarv	bstring-mcc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
thboeckel	bstring-mcc	0	Developer
websnarf	bstring	1	
maunus	bstutils	1	
markuskoller	bsgraphics	1	
nakkii	btnet-vs	1	
ctrager	btnet	1	Project Manager
bab	btools	1	
arkel	btp	0	Developer
netoid	btp	0	Developer
revolutionman	btp	1	Project Manager
tyleryippee	btp	1	Project Manager
youri_ch	btp	0	Developer
agstools	btrack	1	
bresson	bts-oops	1	
francisco_cpg	btsoftcontrol	1	
ekon	btsys	1	
etnt	btt	1	
jbevemyr	btt	0	
klacke	btt	1	Developer
mbj	btt	1	Developer
mikl	btt	0	
mvw	btt	0	Developer
shrogers	btt	0	Developer
sstrollo	btt	0	Developer
tonyrog	btt	0	Developer
bubbakko	bubbug	1	
srvchess	bubuntu	1	
kkjr	buddhism	1	Project Manager
korakot	buddhism	1	Project Manager
platinum_pt	buddhism	1	Project Manager
sawat	buddhism	1	Project Manager
yew4u	buddhism	0	
thiloplanz	budgie	1	
slide	bugaboo	1	Project Manager
slideep	bugaboo	1	
wreissen	bugbase	1	
reflog	bugcli	1	
rsesek	bugdar	1	
asdf4711	bugflow	1	Project Manager
bheilbrun	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
dwhite	bugin	0	Developer
muckl	bugin	0	Developer
notgod	bugin	1	Developer
provos	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
ajit_balan	bugit	1	
alvaro456	buglet	1	
stevedbrown	buglet	1	
tomriemer	buglet	1	
mwestergaard	buglist	1	
admin	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
maqsoftware	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
jkcroney	bugnet	0	Developer
moshefi	bugnet	0	Developer
ornus	bugnet	0	Developer
rachitpatel	bugnet	0	Developer
tekhorror	bugnet	1	Project Manager
jlaase	bugsonline	0	Developer
simgar	bugsonline	1	
poku512	bugsquash	1	Project Manager
jameswilko	bugstomper	1	Project Manager
belugin	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
loonix	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
manik	bugtracker	1	
triplem	bugtracker	0	All-Hands Person
trashlyn	bugtracking	1	
sara_f	bugwork	1	
mindstorm2600	bugzcxx	1	
sweetkernelp	bugzcxx	0	Developer
fma6	bugzilla-ar	0	Developer
shipmaster	bugzilla-ar	1	
gustau	bugzilla-ca	1	
bublik	bugzilla-de	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burnus	bugzilla-de	1	Project Manager
torangan	bugzilla-de	0	
wurblzap	bugzilla-de	1	Project Manager
absorto	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
cdmojoli	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
jcordoba	bugzilla-es	1	
omgs	bugzilla-es	1	Developer
alice31	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aurelien0306	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
balise	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chris2fr	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
fpraca	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
jlberliet	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
nathael	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
porco	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
t_cordonnier	bugzilla-fr	0	
lgyurics	bugzilla-hu	1	
cooked	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
megawati	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
wgshim	bugzilla-kr	1	
dpupkov	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
fedrushkov	bugzilla-ru	1	All-Hands Person
ilyasia	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
legion-alt	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
botsko	bugzillachnglog	1	
christoph_lw	bugzillametrics	0	Developer
lgrammel	bugzillametrics	1	
malekobaid	bugzillametrics	0	Developer
schackmann	bugzillametrics	1	Project Manager
mmastrac	bugzillanet	1	
whala	bugzillanet	0	Developer
freefrag	bugzproxy	1	
tsahi	bugzproxy	0	Distributor/Promoter
szczepiq	builderswitcher	1	
rburd	buildingblocks	1	
buildmeister	buildmeister	1	
arsene-fr	buildutils	1	
frustration567	bulwinkle	1	No specific role
vectortangent	bulwinkle	1	
johnsenf	burner	0	Developer
stefano_campri	burner	0	Developer
vampirsergio	burner	1	
zano	burner	0	Developer
cmeredith	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
j_javier	burnoutstudios	1	Developer
ramdizzydogg	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
robertod	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
shahg	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
huxoll	bus	0	Developer
jwhigginbotham	bus	1	
kstater67	bus	0	Developer
omegadva	buzz	1	
admsteck	bugnettaskpane	1	
howardsp	bwbunit	1	
thomas_smith	bwdnnsb	1	
br0wn	bxml	1	
htrd	bytecodehacks	0	
mwh	bytecodehacks	1	
tismer	bytecodehacks	0	
jbperin	bzoo	1	
katoun	k-game	1	
mike_2000	k8055-java-wrap	1	
kajala	ka3d	1	
shashikantp	kaboom	1	
kuaw26	kactrls4delphi	1	
bblfish	kafenio	0	Developer
feuerflitzer	kafenio	0	
fflorian	kafenio	0	Developer
jkitcat	kafenio	0	Tester
kni67	kafenio	0	Tester
netsrak	kafenio	1	
phoenixfr	kafenio	0	Developer
kage-chan	kagpro	1	Project Manager
atzoris	kaistar	0	Developer
gpapandrea	kaistar	1	Project Manager
kaitano	kaistar	1	Project Manager
lucadex	kaistar	1	Project Manager
lucilla	kaistar	0	Developer
mbertagnini	kaistar	1	Project Manager
mensini	kaistar	0	Developer
muzero	kaistar	0	Developer
ainvar	kaiview	1	
a-sennov	kaji	1	
kakilik	kakilik	1	
tavakoly	kakilik	0	
rsramanujam	kamadhenu	1	
amnorvend	kamaelia	0	Developer
anagha_m	kamaelia	0	Developer
bghose	kamaelia	0	
celestialryan	kamaelia	0	Developer
davbo	kamaelia	0	
devendra_l	kamaelia	0	Developer
jlei	kamaelia	0	
matth_rd	kamaelia	1	Developer
ms_	kamaelia	1	Project Manager
nctrun	kamaelia	0	
orphans	kamaelia	0	
pitt2	kamaelia	0	Developer
seel20	kamaelia	0	Developer
tara-	kamaelia	0	Developer
thf_dev	kamaelia	0	Developer
toplch	kamaelia	0	
warrenking	kamaelia	0	
ccshan	kanren	0	Developer
dfried	kanren	0	Developer
dwmack	kanren	0	Developer
oleg	kanren	1	Developer
webyrd	kanren	0	Developer
chaosknight	kaoticworld	1	
krylloan	kapi	1	
daleanson	kappalayout	1	
michelcoene	karekol	1	
scala	karis	0	Project Manager
svinot	karis	1	Project Manager
fpena	kasai	1	Developer
mpena	kasai	0	Developer
norbes	kasai	1	Developer
nzl	kasai	0	Developer
rzuasti	kasai	1	Project Manager
forafish	kayagres	1	
kmmoens	kaylo	0	Developer
wlievens	kaylo	1	Project Manager
aferraria	kbee-workflow	1	
r_zaumseil	kbskit	1	
shermann	kchangelogedit	1	Developer
andamooker	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
dot	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
atspi	kdev-mysql-drv	1	
ewald-arnold	kdevcppunit	1	
adymo	kdevelop	1	Developer
rokrau	kdevelop	1	
theophys	kdevelop	1	
jeffrafter	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
kwaclaw	kdsxml	1	Project Manager
ckack	kea	1	
hsc	kea	0	Developer
huangt	kea	1	
huhu71	kea	0	Developer
k3ys	kea	1	
kaaba	kea	0	Developer
indyr5k	keasprjmngr	1	Developer
srvrstrypr	keasprjmngr	1	Web Designer
arossi	keel	1	Developer
atao2	keel	0	Developer
chatterj	keel	1	Developer
eliotclingman	keel	0	Developer
jeffrichley	keel	0	Developer
joshira	keel	0	
lrm718	keel	0	Developer
mcpadawan	keel	0	Developer
mprn	keel	1	Developer
northgorky	keel	0	Developer
petecarapetyan	keel	1	All-Hands Person
pjbrownva	keel	0	Developer
rthoma	keel	0	Developer
sdutt	keel	0	Developer
spaddo	keel	0	Developer
suppcast	kencoder	1	Project Manager
stenrs	kengu	1	Project Manager
kennwww	kennwhite	1	
hohehohe2	kerama	1	Developer
nitrogenycs	kerama	1	Developer
waterbug	kerama	1	Developer
keul	keul-plone	1	
raichonak	keystoremng	1	
akawaka	kgb	1	Developer
egeland	kgb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
inful	kgb	1	Developer
kjetilt	kgb	0	Developer
roho	kgb	0	Developer
skarab24	kgine	1	All-Hands Person
chiabai	kgis	1	
pcg	kgsueme	1	
jeffmclean	kgx	1	
steve_stewart	kgx	0	
javarome	kicsa	1	Developer
lricher	kicsa	1	Developer
dstanek	kid-template	1	Developer
rtomayko	kid-template	1	
drblast	kidbasic	1	Project Manager
fhendrikx	kidbasic	0	Developer
igb_ppp	kidbasic	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tony007	kidbasic	0	Developer
chenxiaodong	kilter	0	
liushunian	kilter	0	
wangyuanyi	kilter	1	Project Manager
naazgull	kinky	1	
suppcast	kinterdev	1	
curvepusher	kioskcontrol	1	Developer
omulvihill	kioskcontrol	1	Project Manager
kjapi	kjapi-samples	1	
karrycz	kjeditor	1	
slawrance	kjmouse	1	
eck	klibs	1	
jrtgans	klibs	0	Developer
moribundus	klibs	1	Graphic/Other Designer
pguyot	klibs	1	
tempel	klibs	0	
vrehorst	klibs	0	No specific role
andreas_baumann	kmtraceviewer	1	
colas	koalagraphics	1	
cioannou	kodigo	1	Content Management
vortex571	kodigo	0	Developer
yeyi	kodigo	1	
twar3draconis	kompozerport	1	
creek23	konsolscript	1	Project Manager
jjengland	konsolscript	0	Tester
syx_thr33	konsolscript	0	Doc Writer
cadmaniac	kontrollerlab	1	
squeeze	kontrollerlab	0	Developer
thomasgruebler	kontrollerlab	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
woodghost	kontrollerlab	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
kozik1	konwert	1	
ijhprk	koolancetms	1	
kpontology	kpontology	1	
alexannika	kprof	0	Developer
bab	kprof	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cdesmond	kprof	1	Project Manager
desmondc	kprof	1	Project Manager
fpillet	kprof	1	
thor574	krass	1	
jalal	krefty	1	
mrasnika	krumo	1	
ayosher	kscope	0	Developer
elad_lahav	kscope	1	
szorcsford	kscope	0	Developer
fbilhaut	ksql	1	Project Manager
chrisreed	kuimlrenderer	0	
kapilch	kuimlrenderer	1	
aspa	kvanttisms	1	
msyrjala	kvanttisms	1	Developer
kristov	kvtest	1	All-Hands Person
koolkhyati	kvzstat	1	
kaid_fr	kwnd	1	
haustein	kxml	1	
magiconair	kxml	0	Developer
nikee	kxml	0	Developer
ph_la	kxml	0	Developer
pleumann	kxml	0	Developer
taweili	kxml	0	Developer
hartig	kxmleditor	0	Developer
lvanek	kxmleditor	1	Project Manager
brovienas	kylixlibs	1	
plcl	kylixlibs	0	Developer
kyriostec	kyrios	1	Unix Admin
arc0n	q-bb	1	
nailgunster	q2-engine	1	
inequation	q3mass	1	All-Hands Person
tpsoftware	q3plugs	1	Developer
abadger1999	qa-assistant	1	
dpurgin	qaide	1	
bahgdadc	qaproxy	1	
dnp607	qat	0	Developer
hirsu	qat	0	Doc Writer
shausle	qat	0	Developer
slowj	qat	0	Developer
webhiker	qat	1	Project Manager
yjoan	qat	0	Developer
abegtrup	qcijutils	0	Developer
doi	qcijutils	0	Developer
evought	qcijutils	1	All-Hands Person
gillparams	qcijutils	0	Developer
hwmeder	qcijutils	1	Developer
mab777	qcijutils	0	
richard_kurz	qcw-plugin	1	
scm	qdbttabular	1	
shai-hulud	qdlos	1	
pcauto	qf-objects	1	
cocoy	qf-utils	0	Developer
francisdobi	qf-utils	1	
greenfi	qf-utils	0	Developer
kingerfly	qf-utils	0	Developer
ryhzhang	qf-utils	0	Developer
td202	qf-utils	0	Developer
jlbrd	qide	1	
mbarchfe	qkdt	1	
digiboy86	qlibdos32	1	
mstrumia	qmmslog	1	
mlsoft	qmysqledit	1	
pebek	qnpmag	1	
kafkafr	qodo	1	
vkolesnikov	qot	1	
kybu	qpthread	1	Developer
mwaeckerlin	qpthread	1	
lenny222	qrossing	1	
sdnakhla	qrpc	1	
iaindb	qscada	1	Unix Admin
poezr	qscada	0	Unix Admin
qtlab	qscada	1	
kernelpanix	qskinwindows	1	
alex_bob	qt1l	0	Developer
and1024	qt1l	0	Developer
dionisiy	qt1l	0	Developer
ditrix	qt1l	0	Developer
dkr6	qt1l	1	Analysis / Design
dm88	qt1l	0	Developer
dm-p	qt1l	1	All-Hands Person
gralex1974	qt1l	1	Developer
ti_eugene	qt1l	0	Developer
vinick	qt1l	0	Developer
hereska	qtas	1	
squx	qtas	0	Developer
mschulze_99	qtcharpoly	1	
scottn	qtinformix	1	
ecc2	qtjava	1	Developer
rdale	qtjava	1	Developer
octodon	qtlog	1	
irfanhab	qtmd5summer	1	
fabioroger	qtprevayler	1	
ahuser	qtwin	0	Developer
atomice	qtwin	1	Project Manager
brondsem	qtwin	1	Project Manager
chehrlic	qtwin	1	Developer
habacker	qtwin	1	Project Manager
hap0	qtwin	0	
gianvz	quadris	1	
coderjoe	quake	0	Developer
deek	quake	1	Project Manager
despair	quake	1	Project Manager
elmex	quake	0	Doc Writer
jaq37h	quake	0	Developer
lordhavoc	quake	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
misty-chan	quake	0	Tester
omnibus	quake	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
serplord	quake	0	No specific role
snax	quake	0	
taniwha	quake	1	Project Manager
tonik	quake	0	No specific role
wildcode	quake	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
zoid	quake	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
pdima	quantaplus	1	Developer
smga3000	quantaplus	0	Distributor/Promoter
yshurik	quantaplus	1	Project Manager
berndspeiser	quantity	1	
alexportnov	quantitymanager	1	
carl_manaster	quantum	0	
isidore_usa	quantum	0	Developer
jhvdven	quantum	0	Developer
jparrai	quantum	1	Project Manager
keskin	quark-engine	1	
jdoggydog	quartica	0	Graphic/Other Designer
matteo_bertozzi	quartica	1	Project Manager
bhedrick	quartz	0	
bonhamcm	quartz	0	Developer
dafyddjames	quartz	0	Developer
jhouse	quartz	1	Developer
mikecurwen	quartz	0	Web Designer
sjambula	quartz	0	Developer
sutter2k	quartz	0	Developer
topping	quartz	0	Developer
dirkhillbrecht	quaterback-jcc	1	
inkenr	quaterback-jcc	0	
maicrittmeier	quaterback-jcc	0	Developer
zephyrsoft	quaterback-jcc	0	Developer
deaded	queried	1	
invision-	queried	0	Developer
krachyn	queried	0	
mcrandello	queried	0	Developer
xkr47	queried	0	Developer
dhimelright	querylite	1	
cruanyes	quesa	1	Developer
grantd	quesa	1	Developer
jstrout	quesa	1	Developer
jwwalker	quesa	1	Developer
kartifice	quesa	1	Developer
roger_holmes	quesa	1	Developer
brassfire	questnuke	1	
gronagor	questnuke	0	Developer
kmoberg	queue-tbl-lib	1	
jominyu	queueandagents	1	
jaymacdonald	quickbackend	0	
psycybrfrk	quickbackend	1	
zelphyr	quickcost	1	
alexhornby	quickfix	0	Developer
cepstein	quickfix	0	Developer
danmay	quickfix	0	Developer
dv13090	quickfix	0	Developer
gatny	quickfix	0	Developer
kconsalus	quickfix	0	Developer
orenmnero	quickfix	1	Developer
sbate	quickfix	0	Developer
thoennes	quickfix	0	Developer
horstnaujoks	quicklaunch	1	
amir	quickminer	1	
quickopen_pm	quickopen	1	Project Manager
bergerhoff	quickrex	1	
e-vikram	quicksql	1	Web Designer
sdcepoppe	quicksql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
skribb	quicksql	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
tpsoftware	quicksql	1	Developer
brettporter	quietcoffee	1	Project Manager
aclong	quill	1	
charlie_	quip	1	Developer
mcquak	quml	1	Project Manager
maudalo	qunit	1	
christopherbess	qusystem	1	Developer
quantumqu	qusystem	1	
eschler	qwav	1	
pnambic	qxi	1	All-Hands Person
jrccid	l-proy	1	
jsinx	l2tommy	1	
mgebha	labeldecorator	1	Developer
jkring	labpython	1	
labviewer	labpython	1	Developer
stevezins	labpython	1	
fhwang	lafcadio	1	
andyscherzinger	lagoony	1	Developer
herrn	lagoony	1	Developer
matthiasmaurer	lagoony	1	Developer
thomasfelber	lagoony	1	Developer
yecai_lai	lai-dictionary	1	
archan	lainos	1	Graphic/Other Designer
m477	lainos	1	Developer
majestic-12	lainos	1	Web Designer
mwdx	lainos	0	Developer
neovanglist	lainos	1	Project Manager
xuric	lainos	0	Support Manager
zn4k	lainos	0	All-Hands Person
enriche	lambda-scrabble	1	
lumata	lamp5	1	
erle_dzus	landxmlsdk	0	
nathancrews	landxmlsdk	1	
anhkheg	lang-xdl	1	Developer
darkrandomkid	lang-xdl	1	Project Manager
hikaruyami	lang-xdl	1	Developer
rythin	lanmanwiki	1	
vijoy	lanmanwiki	0	Support Technician
flrt	lantern	1	
pensarguet	lantern	0	Developer
cyberwarriorx	lapetus	1	
darrint	lapidary	0	Developer
jjthrash	lapidary	0	Developer
terraalien	lapidary	1	
akshun_j	laptoplinux	1	Project Manager
astralissimo	laptoplinux	0	Developer
gorn	laptoplinux	1	Developer
knightabe	laptoplinux	1	Developer
montanaro	largefiles	1	
schlatterbeck	largefiles	1	Project Manager
fypraxa	largemask	1	Developer
golthar	lascos	1	
m4niac	lastfmlibrary	1	
ritujain	laszloextension	1	
latestlinux	latestlinux	1	All-Hands Person
chicane	latte	1	
ryanw	latte	1	
ingorichter	launcheclipse	1	
luciferc	layman	1	Developer
bigbadcoder	lazybones	1	
alexfont	lbaprojects	0	Web Designer
kargeor	lbaprojects	1	
obrasilo	lbaprojects	0	Developer
aglitke	lbs	0	Developer
bullpen	lbs	0	
christiansen	lbs	0	Developer
epasch	lbs	0	
frankeh	lbs	0	Developer
gerrithuizenga	lbs	0	Developer
hadeg	lbs	0	Developer
harnett	lbs	0	Developer
hartner	lbs	0	Developer
hlinder	lbs	0	Developer
janis	lbs	0	Developer
jwright	lbs	1	
kenroz	lbs	0	Developer
lotsbug	lbs	1	
n0ano	lbs	1	
nagar	lbs	0	Developer
ndabney	lbs	1	
paulmckenney	lbs	0	Developer
raybry	lbs	0	Developer
sunil	lbs	0	Project Manager
timw	lbs	1	All-Hands Person
wookie	lbs	0	Project Manager
lbell	lbugtrack	1	
derkork	lcarsx	1	All-Hands Person
lcarsvision	lcarsx	1	Project Manager
stefan222	lcd-1wire-jar	1	All-Hands Person
ctron	lcl	1	Project Manager
merlinld	lcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
true_mojo	lcolorpicker	1	
aiju	ldap-pp	1	Developer
lais	ldap-pp	0	Developer
ssenthil416	ldap-pp	1	Developer
bcesare	ldapdotnetlib	1	
mbulava	ldapdotnetlib	0	Developer
karlsfre	ldapeclipse	1	
adamskogman	ldaptemplate	0	Developer
marthursson	ldaptemplate	1	Project Manager
ulsa	ldaptemplate	1	
brunoloff	ldt	1	
oubliete	leafs	1	
lizeqiang	learnmac	1	
freeborg	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
panther_d	leastdev	1	All-Hands Person
anthonyrc	lecroyib	1	
larryss	lecroyib	1	Project Manager
anthonyrc	lecroyvicp	1	
schroff	lecroyvicp	1	Project Manager
ledestin	ledestin	1	
tjpsoftware	ledgerlink	1	
bde	leech	1	All-Hands Person
breivald	leech	0	Developer
lpackham	leesmp3class	1	
gfxstyler	leeuwennet	1	
gc159128	lefthand	0	Developer
jacek_s	lefthand	1	Project Manager
lefthand_pawel	lefthand	1	Developer
lefthand_robert	lefthand	1	
piotrp	lefthand	0	Developer
undoo	lefthand	0	Developer
cybersys	legacy2linux	1	
effevi	legacytcl	1	
vampiera	legacytcl	1	Project Manager
funplc	legatonet	1	
buzzmaster	legnetrpc	1	
larix	legong	0	Web Designer
thaberkern	legong	1	Developer
gybenoit	legum	1	
dengoy	lemonsms	0	
mvivas	lemonsms	1	
nocs	lemonsms	0	Developer
demetres	leonardolibrary	1	Project Manager
elbevacq	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
finocchi	leonardolibrary	0	Project Manager
ribbi	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
rrib	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
thepomy	leonardolibrary	0	Developer
brentonhouse	lepus	0	Developer
brianoneil	lepus	1	Developer
dlawton	lepus	0	Developer
jdecarlo	lepus	1	Developer
superflyz	lernquiz	1	
boneill42	lesa	1	
bw4linux	lesser-libs	0	Developer
cumesoftware	lesser-libs	1	Project Manager
amai	lesstif	0	
dannybackx	lesstif	1	
jwrdegoede	lesstif	0	Developer
rwscott	lesstif	0	
squeen	lesstif	0	Developer
ssiddiqi	lesstif	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
yanyanshen	letk	1	
kurund	letsanswer	1	
csakatoku	leuchtturm	1	
tony_lai	leverpack	1	
rodrigoallemand	leviticus	1	
coding05	letsview	1	
azlatanov	lfc	0	Developer
dsecrieru	lfc	1	Project Manager
jvirs	lfc	0	Developer
kdz13	lfc	0	Developer
lemo	lfc	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
nvembar	lfc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
vishakha	lfc	0	Developer
mrslim	lflickr	1	Project Manager
martingallagher	lfp	0	Developer
ti_chris	lfp	1	
fret	lgi	1	
nytehorse	lgi	0	
pkaluski	lguitest	1	
lhksoft	lhktools	1	
bluebear-dk	lib-bluestats	1	
bertrik	lib-lpc2k	1	Developer
njansen	lib-lpc2k	1	Project Manager
shahzeb_ihsan	lib-lpc2k	1	Project Manager
jcmschmutz	lib2022	0	Web Designer
ternaryd	lib2022	1	
fjardon	lib3df	1	
blader22	lib4j	0	Developer
raffe_paffe	lib4j	1	Project Manager
milek	lib5600x	1	
alboehm	libadacrypt-dev	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cforler	libadacrypt-dev	1	
atomm1024	libaim	1	
bdb	libaim	1	
jonathanb	libaim	1	
goodtim	libaimvb	1	
justin_shreve	libajax	1	Project Manager
andreymirzoyan	libapl	1	
lmarzullo	libappobj	1	
vlg	libassa	1	
libatron	libatron	1	
boblun	libaudioio	1	
alsierra	libavc1394	0	Developer
ddennedy	libavc1394	1	Project Manager
mando_woodie	libavc1394	0	Developer
nurgle	libavc1394	0	Developer
psinatmium	libavc1394	0	Developer
riotgear	libax	1	
ayqazi	libayq	1	All-Hands Person
kazimirov	libb	1	All-Hands Person
artimage	libbase32	0	Developer
mapcar	libbase32	0	
mccoy	libbase32	0	Developer
myers_carpenter	libbase32	1	Developer
nejucomo	libbase32	0	Developer
zooko	libbase32	1	
alonk	libbash	1	Developer
gilran	libbash	1	Developer
hai-zaar	libbash	1	
meeuw	libbash	0	Developer
andrewbull99	libbetfair-api	0	Developer
russgray	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
vossie	libbetfair-api	1	Developer
dynamite	libbinio	1	Developer
uschok	libbsl	1	
alien999999999	libbt	0	Developer
bascule	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
dbpotgieter	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
jbarons	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
ksmathers	libbt	1	
lonetech	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
ranzbak	libbt	0	Developer
shenson	libbt	0	Developer
sit	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
synx13	libbt	0	Developer
tamzdrgn	libbt	0	Developer
jferraz	libbx	1	
halaszvari	libcconf	1	
pbalogh	libcconf	0	Developer
canislupus	libcctest	1	
airborne	libcddb	1	Developer
jcaratzas	libcddb	1	Project Manager
rockyb	libcddb	0	Developer
enzo	libcdrip	1	
ludvigm	libcfgp	1	
djerome	libcfi	1	
thermal	libcfig	1	
regexman	libcfu	1	
aziegelb	libcisco	1	
augestad	libclc	1	Project Manager
mollinie	libclc	0	Web Designer
randyhoward	libclc	0	Developer
lucast70	libcmpio	1	
dprotti	libcmt	1	
samir_bayani	libcn	1	
photoneffect	libcon	1	
ejoy	libconfig	1	
mkzmx	libconio	1	
salvadorfb	libconio	1	Developer
bsdfan3	libcpu	1	
rickbeton	libcsp	1	
cbond	libctk	0	
doviende	libctk	1	
neuro	libctk	1	Developer
rol	libctk	0	
terpstra	libctk	1	
torsten	libctk	1	
trakker	libctk	1	
elesage	libcw	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
libcw	libcw	1	All-Hands Person
clsk	libcwd	0	Tester
libcw	libcwd	1	
phase	libcwd	0	Tester
hfiguiere	libcwk	1	
hub	libcwk	1	Project Manager
gcogniaux	libcx	1	
clearer	libd20	1	Project Manager
mflayer	libd20	1	Developer
royratcliffe	libdaemonselect	1	
virtex	libdate	1	
kwaclaw	libdb-dotnet	1	
pazzooo	libdbms	1	Project Manager
nabla52	libdbuspp	1	
tshadb	libdbutil	1	
ajalkane	libdht	1	Project Manager
dsamersoff	libdms	1	
mbelop	libdms	0	Developer
svolokitina	libdms	0	Developer
matthoskins	libdocsis	1	
kingofgib	libds	1	
esimone	libdsml2	1	
sonarnerd	libdsp	1	All-Hands Person
supertaz	libdthreads	1	
ecostanza	libdtouch	1	
justen_hyde	libdtouch	0	
sinverso	libdtouch	0	
jbm	libedio	1	
thehobbit	libedit	1	
mrmacman_g4	libfinch	1	
dustintrammell	libfindrtp	1	
helge5	libfoundation	1	
ovidiu	libfoundation	1	All-Hands Person
zauju	libframegrabber	1	
esammer	libfssearch	1	Project Manager
cemason	libgba	1	
tb100	libgba	1	Project Manager
axilmar73	libgc	1	
nijibabulu	libgenc	1	
murphycode	libgenma	1	
sbfaulkner	libgenx	1	
gpardini	libgexecutor	1	
saettaz	libgfeed	1	
murrayc	libglademm	1	Developer
scorpio	libglademm	1	
stas_zytkiewicz	libgmail	0	
wdaher	libgmail	1	
xfollower	libgmail	1	
odinhuntr	libgmonopd	1	
braddabug	libgui	1	Project Manager
skapare	libh	1	
domatlantida	libhandlers	1	
kzamir	libhdate	1	
null_and_void	libhfs	1	
emery	libhoard	1	
kballen	libhunk	1	
apankrat	libike	1	
garyjharris	libinfo	1	
s_a_white	libini	1	
markusheinz	libinklevel	1	
gyunaev	libircclient	1	All-Hands Person
tiian	libjf	1	
jmmcg	libjmmcg	1	All-Hands Person
madduck	libkdtree	1	
devilplus	libkosl	1	Project Manager
masi	liblatin1	1	
nando76	liblog	1	
ihv	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
mutanabbi	libmage	0	Developer
zaufi	libmage	1	All-Hands Person
askalski	libmcal	0	
chuck	libmcal	1	Project Manager
inan	libmcal	0	
magistr	libmcal	0	Developer
markie	libmcal	1	
rufustfirefly	libmcal	0	
zircote	libmcal	1	
loosifer	libmetrics	1	
libmluv	libmluv	1	
mooreb	libmooreb	1	
aotto1968	libmsgque	1	
p4p3r0	libndsfpc	1	
gfoot	libnet	1	
tjaden	libnet	1	
jshepher	libnix	1	
avanox	libnox	1	Project Manager
g-i-x	libnox	1	Developer
rbruma	libnwrap	1	
alexhornby	libodbcxx	1	Developer
alexoss	libodbcxx	0	Developer
janrune	libodbcxx	0	Developer
lothrop	libodbcxx	1	Developer
manush	libodbcxx	1	Developer
petehug	libodbcxx	1	Developer
mrf	libonyx	1	Developer
dezelin	liboptical	1	
davidwilson	libopus	1	
jgoetsch	libopus	1	
karmicro	libopus	1	Project Manager
pace	libopus	1	
ymanma	libox	1	
rvinyard	libpapyrus	1	
archiecobbs	libpdel	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
mgooderum	libpdel	1	Project Manager
jpitts	libpdu	1	
dvogel0	libpg	1	
byuu	libpirate	0	
d-xiansheng	libpirate	1	
dov-g	libplis	1	
tragicwarrior	libpseudo	1	
andrew-c	libpsync	0	Developer
benbuck	libpsync	1	All-Hands Person
totalnubee	libpsync	1	
rbdj	libpvm	1	
rdj	libpvm	1	
gshort	libqpro	1	
blightx0r	libqxl	1	
afe_coda	libqxt	1	Project Manager
alqualos	libqxt	0	
bnilsen	libqxt	0	Developer
deepdiver	libqxt	0	Developer
jpnurmi	libqxt	0	Developer
magotari	libqxt	0	Editorial/Content Writer
markpetryk	libqxt	0	Developer
mashmorgan	libqxt	0	Developer
xparanoidj	libqxt	1	Project Manager
zbenjamin	libqxt	0	Developer
dj51d	libradio	1	
wedge-antilles	librandom	1	
aeb	libraw1394	1	
bencollins	libraw1394	1	
ddennedy	libraw1394	0	
pdoane	libre	0	
vouillon	libre	1	
harshy	librendevous	0	Developer
sadjester	librendevous	1	
sunking	librendevous	0	Web Designer
todesschaf	librendevous	1	Developer
tritiumosu	librendevous	0	Tester
ajalkane	libreudp	1	Developer
lteo	libroots	0	No specific role
njuneja	libroots	1	Developer
weierophinney	librox-perl	1	
abo	librsync	1	Developer
bescoto	librsync	1	Developer
jgoerzen	librsync	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
mbp	librsync	1	All-Hands Person
sfllaw	librsync	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
tromer	librsync	0	Developer
wayned	librsync	1	Developer
tomek_h	librtf	1	
djerome	libscl	1	
tmassi	libsfee-perl	1	
shadosan	libsges	1	
s_parlane	libshare	1	
sonarnerd	libsharedmem	1	
poettering	libshbuf	1	
samc	libshbuf	1	Developer
daniel_e	libsigc	0	Developer
hvr	libsigc	0	
kenelson	libsigc	1	
ldv	libsigc	0	
murrayc	libsigc	1	
rottmann	libsigc	0	Developer
teebaum	libsigc	1	Project Manager
rottmann	libsigcx	1	
bonzini	libsigsegv	1	Developer
haible	libsigsegv	1	
genone	libsilt	1	Project Manager
nikias	libsilt	0	Developer
lestang	libsmtp	0	
t_benk	libsmtp	1	
yebo	libsmtp	0	
umeditor	libsnet	1	Project Manager
umjarod	libsnet	1	Developer
wescraig	libsnet	1	Developer
asayama	libspe	0	Developer
d_herrendoerfer	libspe	1	Developer
gerhard_stenzel	libspe	1	Developer
hiro_m	libspe	0	Developer
rseiffert	libspe	1	Project Manager
edschouten	libspiff	0	Developer
hartwork	libspiff	1	Project Manager
trolocsis	libspython	1	
evertonm	libsrv	0	No specific role
vanrein	libsrv	1	
ange1a	libssh2	0	
bagder	libssh2	1	Developer
dbrobins	libssh2	0	Developer
dfandrich	libssh2	0	Developer
dottedmag	libssh2	0	Developer
edink	libssh2	0	Developer
gknauf	libssh2	0	Developer
jas4711	libssh2	0	Developer
jehousley	libssh2	0	Developer
puudeli	libssh2	0	Developer
sarag	libssh2	1	Project Manager
schneesturm	libssh2	0	Developer
tor2	libssh2	0	Developer
wez	libssh2	0	Developer
proberts99	libsssd	1	
vlm	libstrfunc	1	
vss	libstrfunc	0	Developer
jes	libstring	1	
eduardoaguiar	libswf	1	
edgarzpp	libsx	1	Developer
flcl_2001	libsx	1	Project Manager
lacax	libsx	1	Project Manager
freedom	libtabe	0	
hao	libtabe	0	
shawn	libtabe	1	
thhsieh	libtabe	0	
william	libtabe	0	
coldstore	libtclpq	1	
akitabright	libtek	1	
eltvn	libtermsrv	1	Developer
max_av	libtermsrv	1	
omegaprojects	libtext	1	
ilttv	libthreadpool	1	
lostclus	libtimidity	1	
feeel	libv	1	
vktr	libtour	1	
cmbrandenburg	libtric	1	
silverfunk	libtric	0	
codeserf	libtui	1	Developer
derbeyn	libtune	1	
dionjp	libtune	1	Project Manager
vaclavslavik	libunicows	1	
michelan	libup	1	All-Hands Person
gbloisi	liburi	1	
marquardt	libusb-win32	0	Developer
peerroyla	libusb-win32	0	Developer
ste_meyer	libusb-win32	1	Project Manager
bradh	libusb	0	Developer
cdfrey	libusb	0	Developer
dsd_	libusb	1	
ebcdic	libusb	0	Developer
hjelmn	libusb	0	Developer
hun	libusb	0	Developer
jerdfelt	libusb	1	Developer
jjreynold	libusb	0	Developer
uncleop	libusb	0	Developer
trobinso	libusbdotnet	1	
crincon	libuts	1	
chaos-dev	libvalkyrie	1	
fuujin	libvalkyrie	0	Developer
tragicwarrior	libviper	1	
lcsondes	libvsml	1	All-Hands Person
psyon	libw11	1	
caelum	libwin32-exp	1	
wonder_mice	libxdt	1	
cleit	libxls	1	Project Manager
dhoerl	libxls	0	Developer
alexxy	libxml2f90	1	
bic2k	libxmlconf	1	
manuel_bl	libxpp	1	
proberts99	libxze2	1	
g17m0	libymp	1	
khanreaper	libzi	1	
artimage	libzstr	0	Developer
icepick	libzstr	1	
mapcar	libzstr	0	Developer
mccoy	libzstr	0	Developer
nejucomo	libzstr	0	Developer
zooko	libzstr	1	
kaufi	libztl	1	Project Manager
upes	libztl	1	Project Manager
artimage	libzutil	0	Developer
icepick	libzutil	1	
mccoy	libzutil	0	Developer
nejucomo	libzutil	0	Developer
zooko	libzutil	1	
tom_weber	libzz	1	
jackiy	light	1	Developer
sonyichi	light	1	
electron100	lightfeather	1	
mandrav	lightfeather	1	Developer
mm765	lightfeather	1	
spech	lightfire3d	1	
cesarmello	lightforms	1	
hugo_pl	lightforms	0	Developer
tradams	lightforms	0	Developer
lightro	lightro2	1	
digx	lightsign	1	
ad_admin	lightworking	1	
jljljjl	liiil	1	
dergri	liltc	1	
leethomason	lilith3d	1	
billorcutt	lily	1	
andreavalente	limacat	1	Project Manager
limacat	limacat	1	
chien-liang	lime2	1	Project Manager
chr1s77	lime2	1	Developer
j2payton	lime2	1	Developer
qingfeng	lime2	1	Developer
raduh	lime2	1	Developer
orhan_albay	lin-ecs	1	
nilsjuergens	lin-prog-newbie	1	
robos	lin-prog-newbie	1	
myamato	linda	1	
luca85	lindo-language	1	
akira_ag	lineargs	1	
icemanx169	linecount	1	
foolinux	linecounter	1	
koseki	lingounit	1	
pne	lingua-zompist	1	
cyberpig	linguinewatch	1	
puddlor	linklipse	1	
kuehner	linlocalize	1	Project Manager
mfrid	lintcheck	1	
adaplas	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
bradd	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
geertu	linux-fbdev	1	Project Manager
janim	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
jgarzik	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
jsimmons	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
lethal	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
sottek	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
vana	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
wyo	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
gopu	linux-xp	0	Developer
linuxxp	linux-xp	1	Unix Admin
mbf	linux-xp	1	Project Manager
endrix	linux3d	1	Project Manager
forkprong	linuxforclinics	1	Project Manager
altememy	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
johank82	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
maartenclaes	linuxrtwrapper	1	
wrappersrood	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
meghdoot	linuxversion	1	
aurelius	linvb	1	
andikt01	linviex	1	Project Manager
actonme	liquibase	0	Developer
csuml	liquibase	0	Developer
dbargiel	liquibase	0	Developer
dhennessy	liquibase	0	Developer
michael_tauer	liquibase	0	Developer
msjurset	liquibase	1	Project Manager
nvoxland	liquibase	1	Developer
plm31	liquibase	0	Developer
rbarroso	liquibase	0	Developer
yahonda	liquibase	0	Developer
davidhilton	lisa	0	Developer
youngde	lisa	1	Project Manager
mschollmeyer	lisbon	1	Developer
reykjavikingur	lisp-bind-perl	1	
frankbuss	lispbuilder	1	Developer
hairytroll	lispbuilder	0	Developer
justinhj	lispbuilder	1	Developer
lpells	lispcplusplus	1	
pace	lispm	1	
johnnyb	literatexml	1	
gordago	liteupdate	1	
link0000	litprog4j	1	
hajokirchhoff	litwindow	1	
steveno_	live-developers	0	Developer
suntong001	live-developers	1	
jwojnowski	live-generator	1	
tugkerad	live-generator	0	
live_python	livepython	1	
jacobsuraj	living	1	
daddygravity	livingcode	1	
felipo	libdwg	1	
nvoxland	liquibasenet	1	Project Manager
vidar1	liquibasenet	1	
huxhorn	lilith	1	
sgranjoux	libanjutapython	1	
gvoncken	libguytools	1	
mike_ull	libgenesis	1	
boomlala	libuix	0	
some_creature	libuix	1	
arjan	liboauth	1	
mworrell	liboauth	1	
x42	liboauth	1	
hfastedge	lj-xmltlib	1	
lhksoft	lkdbapi	1	
leon_kon	lkjson	1	
reback	lklist	1	
milev_r	lmappletserver	0	Developer
pesalomo	lmappletserver	1	
xshaolin	lmappletserver	1	Project Manager
hal0zer0	lmss	1	
proberts99	lmy	1	
joaxazevedo	ln-slack-maemo	1	
marcelo_guara	ln-slack-maemo	1	Developer
epesh	ln2	1	Project Manager
ipojman	ln2	0	Developer
tastapod	ln2	0	Developer
gen2joki	lnc	0	Developer
jwhitehorn	lnc	1	All-Hands Person
lehner	lnc	0	Developer
rhat	lnc	0	Developer
iotter	load4j	1	
wschlegel	load4j	1	
thoughtpolice	loaditv2	1	
gholam	loadsim	0	
vsheffer	loadsim	1	
bryanche	loadunit	1	
olenus	lobaccessor	1	Project Manager
satish_chandra	loc-calculator	1	
kammerl	locationtrader	1	
tobiasdietl	locationtrader	0	
h-suzuki	locky	0	Unix Admin
nkawa	locky	1	
s-fujita	locky	0	Developer
takeshi_sasaki	locky	0	Developer
gil_gam	locomotive	0	
pikemon	locomotive	0	
raaum	locomotive	1	All-Hands Person
paolocarrasco	log-reader	1	
chicagobob	log4cocoa	1	Developer
cmh	log4cocoa	1	Developer
treaves	log4cocoa	1	Project Manager
baldheadedguy	log4cplus	0	Developer
darkwarrior	log4cplus	0	Developer
hey_martini	log4cplus	0	Developer
marcelruff	log4cplus	0	Developer
tcsmith	log4cplus	1	Project Manager
aghoras	log4cpp	0	Developer
aingram	log4cpp	0	Developer
bastiaan	log4cpp	1	Developer
dark--angel	log4cpp	0	Developer
dresnick	log4cpp	0	Developer
francisandre	log4cpp	0	Developer
glen_s	log4cpp	0	Developer
harkema	log4cpp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
legoater	log4cpp	0	Developer
nossareh	log4cpp	0	Developer
sostlind	log4cpp	0	Developer
tapaccos	log4cpp	0	Developer
uwej	log4cpp	0	Developer
waffel	log4cpp	1	Project Manager
ytcheung	log4cpp	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
log_debug	log4cxx	0	Tester
mcatan	log4cxx	1	
aguevara	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
barowc	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
dannyf	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
dasen	log4d	1	Project Manager
jfritch	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
jgrange	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
kbwood	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
mjustin	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
andismirre	log4eclipse	0	Developer
hafnetob	log4eclipse	0	Developer
timonentwig	log4eclipse	1	
coyner_b	log4fix	1	Developer
dykstrom	log4j-mode	1	
andersk	log4j	1	
cgu	log4j	1	
rerouter	log4j	1	
phah	log4j2db	1	All-Hands Person
witmate	log4j2me	1	
jova59	log4j4eclipse	1	
gabbychr	log4janalyzer	1	
snakhla	log4nb	1	
drieseng	log4net	0	Developer
ncadell	log4net	1	All-Hands Person
ndaley	log4net	1	Project Manager
neoworks	log4net	1	Project Manager
kgoess	log4perl	1	Project Manager
mschilli	log4perl	1	Project Manager
preisl	log4py	1	Project Manager
rexorient	log4py	0	Developer
fando	log4r	1	
dvicente72	loganlzr	1	Developer
refeyton	loganlzr	1	Developer
pgampe	logfile-radius	1	
phporcaffeine	loggin	1	
aeden	logitest	1	Project Manager
clancymalcolm	logitest	0	Developer
zendragon	logitest	0	Developer
bnantz	logkit-net	1	
normanjames	logreader	1	
aregatba	logroller	1	
dslewis	logthis	1	
pjotrp	logtodo	1	Project Manager
p-salnikov	logtrack	1	Developer
bimcio	logui	0	Developer
oburn	logui	1	
dconlan	logview4j	0	Developer
jpassenger	logview4j	1	Project Manager
thinkerwiz	logwriter	1	
loko	loko-jinx	1	
gercan	lomboz	0	No specific role
objectlearn	lomboz	1	
mtnygard	longhall	1	
farhi	looktxt	1	
dgomezg	loom	0	
ehdez	loom	0	Developer
ezitox	loom	0	
ggfernandez	loom	0	
icoloma	loom	1	
rgrocha	loom	1	Project Manager
rsfernandez	loom	0	
alley	loomthread	1	
nardo	loomthread	1	Developer
zavatt	loomthread	1	Developer
ringjanitor	lor	1	Project Manager
astone42	loreandlutes	1	
ecoffey	loreandlutes	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
miple	lovall	1	
alexannika	lowlevellib	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
levelone	lowlevellib	1	Project Manager
gauky	lostgodcards	1	
mensajero	lostgodcards	1	
cydust	lprs	1	
aegluke	lptk	0	Developer
graemeg	lptk	0	Developer
nvitya	lptk	1	
g_skronn	lroa	1	
lrodier	lrshelldotnet	1	
trungtran	lrttester	1	Project Manager
batsman	lsed	1	
krzysztof_k	lsf-drmaa	1	
lciesnik	lsf-drmaa	0	
mamonski	lsf-drmaa	1	
szalik	lsf-drmaa	1	
seancallaway	lsock	1	
aittner	lsp2html	1	
ilmcuts	lssdk	1	Project Manager
repugnant	lssdk	1	Project Manager
scilence	lssdk	1	Project Manager
csejl	ltfx	0	Developer
edirman	ltfx	0	Developer
jlakhani	ltfx	1	Project Manager
jster	ltfx	0	Developer
lteemant	ltfx	0	
alvarado	ltilib	1	Project Manager
arndh	ltilib	0	Developer
bentsch	ltilib	0	Developer
danielbeier	ltilib	0	Developer
doerfler	ltilib	1	Developer
falfaro	ltilib	0	Tester
f_lange	ltilib	0	Developer
goenner	ltilib	0	Developer
gquiros	ltilib	0	Developer
haehnel	ltilib	0	Developer
hawk78	ltilib	0	Developer
jbhayet	ltilib	0	
jbogarin	ltilib	0	Tester
jpalvarado	ltilib	0	Developer
jzieren	ltilib	0	Developer
libuda	ltilib	0	Developer
ljubica	ltilib	0	Developer
ltilib	ltilib	0	Developer
maguilar21	ltilib	0	Tester
nabeeliqbal	ltilib	0	Developer
olibra	ltilib	0	Developer
pitzer	ltilib	0	Developer
r07garcia	ltilib	0	Tester
suatakyol	ltilib	0	Developer
tamaki	ltilib	0	Developer
wickel	ltilib	0	Developer
aaronbowen	ltp	0	Web Designer
alaffin	ltp	0	Developer
animarathe	ltp	0	Developer
bernarde	ltp	0	Developer
dan_m_smith	ltp	0	Developer
dbarrera	ltp	0	Developer
iyermanoj	ltp	0	All-Hands Person
jethbu	ltp	0	Developer
jmonk2	ltp	0	Developer
lige	ltp	0	Developer
lindajs	ltp	0	Developer
martinjn	ltp	0	Developer
mreed10	ltp	1	Developer
mridge	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
ndabney	ltp	0	Tester
nhinds	ltp	0	Developer
nstraz	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
oberpapr	ltp	0	Developer
parseexception	ltp	0	Developer
plars	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
robbiew	ltp	1	All-Hands Person
saglass	ltp	0	Developer
sowmya_adiga	ltp	0	Developer
subrata_modak	ltp	1	Developer
vapier	ltp	0	Developer
cvogler	lua-users	0	Developer
jbelmonte	lua-users	1	Project Manager
rrt	lua-users	1	
traumwind	lua-users	0	No specific role
trout	lua-users	1	
maxm-74	lua4delphi	1	
arvidn	luabind	1	Developer
daniel_wallin	luabind	1	
davidkamphausen	luabind	0	No specific role
grafik	luabind	0	Developer
neomantra	luabind	0	Developer
porterj	luabind	0	Developer
reedbeta	luabridge	1	
guilharj	luaeclipse	1	Project Manager
tuler	luaeclipse	1	
rizzato	luajava	0	Developer
tponte	luajava	1	
akheron	luamm	1	Project Manager
betek	luamm	1	Project Manager
deklund2	luau	1	Project Manager
smitty586	lucid-gdk	1	
jloramas	lucollector	1	
alkaid	lugman	0	Developer
dsavazzi	lugman	1	
negher	lugman	1	Developer
abial	luke	1	
fed3rico	lulop2	0	Developer
paazio	lulop2	1	
chadrik	luma-pymel	1	
mluker	lumberjack	1	
boercher	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
genady	lunar-eclipse	1	
stefanheimann	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
franxisco1988	lunea	0	Unix Admin
mballesteros	lunea	0	Developer
soywiz	lunea	1	Project Manager
sschrecker	lure	1	
vamp201	luxor-contrib	1	
b0z0mind	luxor-xul	0	Developer
ilits	luxor-xul	0	Developer
vamp201	luxor-xul	1	
geven	lvdevtools	0	Developer
henkhessel	lvdevtools	0	Developer
rbreen	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
vernhout	lvdevtools	1	Unix Admin
leandrosales	lvs	1	
hib	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
lucky799999	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
maso79	lwneuralnet	0	Developer
petervr	lwneuralnet	1	Developer
lucky799999	lwneuralnetplus	1	Project Manager
maso79	lwneuralnetplus	1	
petervr	lwneuralnetplus	0	Developer
argggh	lxr	0	Developer
brondsem	lxr	0	Developer
jbglaw	lxr	0	Developer
mbox	lxr	1	All-Hands Person
pergj	lxr	1	Developer
pok	lxr	0	Developer
psmith	lxr	0	Developer
lycono	lyconfig	1	
nicka1354	lynxgear	1	
elau	lyric	0	Developer
schutzm	lyric	1	Project Manager
bfallenstein	lyterate	1	
urmeli	lzo-net	1	
sktg84	lzwcom	1	
